

    90
    FULL-TIME
    90
    GOAL! OZIL!
    90

    Four minutes of added time...
    90

    Cech holds onto Thiago's effort from outside the box
    89

    Oxlade-Chamberlain is ruled offside on the right wing during a counter-attack
    88

    Boateng's threaded pass through to Muller goes out of play
    87

    Costa crosses from a corner and Cech is quick off his line to tip wide
    85

    Costa's through ball to Lahm goes out of play on the right flank
    83
    BOOKING: Giroud
    83

    Giroud's header is right at Neuer after Ozil's cross
    FrancescoERito on Twitter

    The Emirates is superb tonight! #AFCvBAY
    82
    SUBSTITUTION:

    Gibbs comes on for Alexis
    82

    Thiago puts too much power into his cross from a free-kick and it goes out of play
    77

    Giroud heads the ball into the net to give Arsenal the lead after Bayern fail to deal with a cross
    xironimoh on Twitter

    Na na na na... Nananana. Nanana... Giroud! #COYG #AFCvBAY
    77
    GOAL! GIROUD!
    76

    Muller turns on the edge of the box but fires wide of the post
    75

    Cech makes a fantastic save to deny Lewandowski's shot from inside the box

    image: http://www.arsenal.com/assets/images/diamonds/sc_stephen_hughes_diamond.png
    Stephen Hughes on Player

    He's done it again! What a save from Petr Cech
    74
    SUBSTITUTION:

    Giroud comes on for Walcott
    73

    Cazorla delivers a corner but Bayern Munich head the ball to safety
    70
    SUBSTITUTION:

    Ferreira de Souza comes on for Vidal
    70
    SUBSTITUTION:

    Kimmich comes on for Alonso
    69

    Neuer catches Walcott's header following Ozil's pinpoint cross
    66

    Bellerin's through ball to Oxlade-Chamberlain runs out of play
    62

    Muller flashes a cross past Cech but Bayern are unable to apply a finishing touch
    61

    Alonso drags a shot wide of the post from outside the box
    60

    Monreal challenges Vidal in the air and heads the ball back to Cech
    58

    Coquelin drives a shot wide of the post from outside the box
    57
    SUBSTITUTION:

    Oxlade-Chamberlain comes on for Ramsey
    BeyondTheGrove on Twitter

    Hoping #Rambo comes back soon but @Alex_OxChambo having more minutes could be a blessing. #COYG #AFCvBAY
    56

    Cech tips Lewandowski's volley from outside the box over the bar
    54

    Arsenal hold their shape well as Thiago's pass goes out of play
    52

    Ramsey trips Thiago and gives away a free-kick
    51

    Costa curls an effort over the bar after slipping past his marker
    46

    Bayern Munich get us underway for the second half. COME ON YOU GUNNERS!
    45
    HALF-TIME
    44

    Arsenal's defence block Thiago's shot on the edge of the box
    42

    Cech tips Costa's driven shot over the bar
    41

    Walcott races into the box and attempts to find Alexis but Bayern clear the danger
    39

    Lahm heads Walcott's cross back to Neuer to prevent any danger
    37

    Walcott races towards goal and attempts to place a shot past Neuer but he makes a good save
    36

    Cazorla crosses a corner but Bayern Munich clear the danger
    33

    Coquelin then fired the ball over the bar from 25 yards out
    33

    Neuer produces a fantastic reflex save to tip Walcott's header to Ramsey but he does not hit the target

    image: http://www.arsenal.com/assets/images/diamonds/sc_dan_roebuck_diamond.png
    Dan Roebuck on Player

    How on earth has Neuer saved that? Save of the season for me!
    30

    Cazorla's corner falls to Alexis in the box but he fires a volley over the bar
    29

    Walcott combines well with Alexis but he can't get his shot on target
    RaidAli13 on Twitter

    Walcott great effort! #AFCvBAY #UCL #AFC
    28

    Cech makes an acrobatic save to tip Vidal's shot away from danger
    28

    Alexis attempts a clever through ball but Neuer gathers the pass
    25

    Lewandowski fires a shot over the bar from outside of the box
    23

    Walcott attempts to whip the ball around Neuer but he catches his shot comfortably
    20

    Cazorla's curled free-kick is headed away by Boateng
    19

    Cech tips Costa's driven cross around the post
    17

    Bellerin reacts quickly to cut out Alonso's lofted pass
    15

    Alonso curls a free-kick wide of Cech's post from 25 yards out
    14

    Costa delivers a corner but Ramsey clears the ball
    11

    Cech makes a fantastic save to deny Thiago after he had combined with Muller

    image: http://www.arsenal.com/assets/images/diamonds/sc_stephen_hughes_diamond.png
    Stephen Hughes on Player

    Excellent save from Petr Cech, he's started the game brightly!
    10

    Mertesacker makes a good block to clear Costa's cross
    7

    Ozil forces Neuer into a good save before Walcott's cross is deflected
    harshilpk on Twitter

    What a great chance there. Terrific save from @Manuel_Neuer #AFCvBAY
    7

    Ozil manages to turn his marker but is tackled before he can advance forward
    3

    Cazorla plays a through ball to Bellerin but he is ruled offside
    1

    Bellerin makes a good tackle to stop Lewandowski from shooting
    1
    WE'RE OFF!

    Bayern Munich subs: Ulreich, Martinez, Rafinha, Kirchhoff, Gaudino, Coman, Kimmich

    Bayern Munich's starting XI: Neuer, Thiago, Lewandowski, Costa, Alonso, Boateng, Bernat, Lahm, Vidal, Muller, Alaba

    Arsenal subs: Macey, Gibbs, Debuchy, Chambers, Arteta, Giroud, Oxlade-Chamberlain

    Arsenal's Starting XI: Cech, Bellerin, Koscielny, Mertesacker, Monreal, Coquelin, Cazorla, Ramsey, Ozil, Alexis, Walcott

    We will bring you team news shortly...

    Arsenal have only failed to score three times in their last 30 Champions League home games.

    Arsenal have never lost three consecutive games in the Champions League.

    Arsenal and Bayern Munich are facing each other for the third time in the last four Champions League seasons.

    We will bring you all the action as it happens live from Emirates Stadium but first some stats...

    Hello and welcome to our live coverage of Arsenal's Champions League fixture against Bayern Munich.


Read more at http://www.arsenal.com/match-menu/g832646/first-team/arsenal-v-bayern-munich?tab=comm#EsvtO8PWrO7duyfE.99
