90+5'
	The players of both teams deserve praise from their managers and supporters for their performance on the pitch. If they carry on with this attractive football in future games, they surely won't lose the fans' support. Very even game was to be seen on the pitch today. The hosts defended well and were deadly on the counter-attack. The away side display some build up play using a lot of passes.
90+5'
 
	The referee is checking his watch and blows his whistle for the end of this match.
90+4'
 
	Goal! Hector Bellerin (Arsenal) displays great vision and sends a pass to Mesut Ozil (Arsenal), who shows brilliant composure inside the box to bury the ball from close range into the back of the net. The score is 2:0.
90+3'
	Robert Lewandowski (Bayern Munich) and one of his opponents battle for the ball and Robert Lewandowski (Bayern Munich) commits an attacking foul.
90'
 
	There will be a minimum of 4 min. of added time.
89'
	Thiago Alcantara (Bayern Munich) tries his luck with a long-range effort after receiving a precise pass, however, Petr Cech (Arsenal) has a clear vision and makes a comfortable save.
89'
	Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain (Arsenal) is caught offside!
88'
 
	This corner kick is taken with a short pass by Joshua Kimmich (Bayern Munich).
88'
 
	Douglas Costa (Bayern Munich) swings in a cross from the corner, but Petr Cech (Arsenal) reads it well and gathers the ball. The referee blows his whistle, Bayern Munich are awarded a corner kick.
87'
	Juan Bernat (Bayern Munich) sends a lofted cross into the box which is headed clear. The main referee and his assistant both point at the corner flag. Bayern Munich will have an opportunity to endanger the opposition's goal.
85'
	This one will not go through. Douglas Costa (Bayern Munich) lines up a shot from the edge of the box and goes for goal, but the effort is well blocked by a defender.
84'
 
	Olivier Giroud (Arsenal) can't expect anything else than a yellow card for his hard tackle. And a yellow it is. Cuneyt Cakir doesn't think twice to pull it out of his pocket.
83'
	Olivier Giroud (Arsenal) peeled away from his marker and got on the end of the resulting corner, but he sends his header straight at the goalkeeper.
83'
 
	Santi Cazorla (Arsenal) is taking a corner kick.
83'
	Hector Bellerin (Arsenal) passes the ball into the box but an opposing player clears. The ball is out-of-play. Arsenal will have a chance to score from a corner.
82'
 
	Substitution. Alexis Sanchez (Arsenal) is replaced by Kieran Gibbs (Arsenal).
81'
	Thiago Alcantara (Bayern Munich) sends a lofted cross from a long-range free kick, but his poor effort goes out-of-play. The ball goes out-of-play and Arsenal will have a goal kick.
81'
	There is a free kick given to Bayern Munich.
81'
	Olivier Giroud (Arsenal) couldn't control the ball well and handled it, the referee blows his whistle for a handball.
77'
 
	Goal! Olivier Giroud (Arsenal) is gifted a chance inside the box and makes no mistake to put the ball into the net with a fine header. 1:0.
77'
	Santi Cazorla (Arsenal) will take this free kick.
77'
	Joshua Kimmich (Bayern Munich) gives away foul for a clumsy challenge. Referee Cuneyt Cakir saw the whole situation. Arsenal earn a free kick.
76'
	What a close effort by Thomas Müller (Bayern Munich) who receives a pass on the edge of the box and shoots. The ball goes inches wide of the left post.
75'
 
	The horde of the players waited inside the penalty area for a cross from the corner, but Joshua Kimmich (Bayern Munich) takes it with a short pass.
75'
	Robert Lewandowski (Bayern Munich) receives a precise pass and is given time inside the box to send a promising strike towards the underside of the roof. Petr Cech (Arsenal) guessed his intentions and denied the effort with a fine save. The ball is out-of-play. Bayern Munich have been awarded a corner kick.
74'
 
	It's time for a substitution. That is the last involvement from Theo Walcott (Arsenal), and he is replaced by Olivier Giroud (Arsenal).
72'
 
	Santi Cazorla (Arsenal) sends in the corner, but he fails to find the head of any of his teamamtes, and the the defence makes a clearance.
72'
	Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain (Arsenal) looks to break free, but an opposing player clears. The ball goes behind for a corner. Arsenal will have an opportunity to endanger the opposition's goal.
71'
 
	Pep Guardiola has decided to make a change. Rafinha (Bayern Munich) replaces Arturo Vidal (Bayern Munich).
71'
 
	Xabi Alonso (Bayern Munich) goes off the pitch and Joshua Kimmich (Bayern Munich) comes on.
70'
	The Bayern Munich players keep the ball and are exchanging a combination of passes. They are waiting for gaps in defence to open up.
69'
	Theo Walcott (Arsenal) attempts to convert a cross into a goal, but his promising header from near the penalty spot, which is aimed towards the left post, is denied by Manuel Neuer (Bayern Munich) who pulls off a decent save.
68'
 
	Total attempts – 11:15.
67'
	Alexis Sanchez (Arsenal) attempted to pick out a free teammate inside the box, but Manuel Neuer (Bayern Munich) comes off the line to clear the ball away.
64'
	Xabi Alonso (Bayern Munich) brings his opponent down. Cuneyt Cakir has a clear vision and blows his whistle for a foul.
62'
	Thomas Müller (Bayern Munich) put a cross into the box which wasn't a bad decision, but he failed to achieve what he wanted as none of his teammates managed to meet it. The ball has crossed the sideline. Arsenal are taking a throw-in.
60'
	Robert Lewandowski (Bayern Munich) produces a shot from a very promising position outside the penalty area, but it was only blocked by a self-sacrificing defender. Xabi Alonso (Bayern Munich) gets the ball from a rebound and fires from long range towards the net, sending the ball miles wide off the left post. The goalkeeper doesn't have to worry about this one. Very poor attempt.
59'
	Francis Coquelin (Arsenal) receives a pass and decides to smash the ball from long range. His poor effort sails far wide of the right post.
57'
 
	Aaron Ramsey (Arsenal) is being substituted because of an injury. Arsene Wenger sends Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain (Arsenal) on the pitch.
56'
 
	Aaron Ramsey (Arsenal) picked up an injury.
55'
 
	Xabi Alonso (Bayern Munich) works the corner short instead of sending the ball into the penalty area.
55'
	Douglas Costa (Bayern Munich) tries his luck with a low long-range effort after receiving a precise pass, however, Petr Cech (Arsenal) has a clear vision and makes a comfortable save.
54'
	Petr Cech (Arsenal) gets a well deserved ovation! Robert Lewandowski (Bayern Munich) produces a decent first-time strike towards the underside of the crossbar, but the goalkeeper is positioned well to block it. Nice piece of goalkeeping skills. The main referee and one of his assistants signal for a corner kick. It will be taken by Bayern Munich.
53'
	Thomas Müller (Bayern Munich) sends the ball into the box from the side of the pitch, but his cross is blocked.
51'
	Douglas Costa (Bayern Munich) creates himself a good chance and goes for goal from mid-range, but it's just a bit too high and misses the bar by a whisker.
49'
	Xabi Alonso (Bayern Munich) receives a reproachful look from his teammates after he attempted to surprise the goalkeeper with a shot from long distance. The ball flew far wide of the right post.
49'
	Flag up against Theo Walcott (Arsenal). He had space to move into behind the defence, but he went too soon.
48'
 
	Douglas Costa (Bayern Munich) works the corner short.
48'
	Douglas Costa (Bayern Munich) is trying to send the ball in front of the goal, but the opposition's defence averts the threat. It will be a corner kick for Bayern Munich.
47'
	Juan Bernat (Bayern Munich) whips the ball into the penalty area, but one of the defenders is alert and spanks it away.
46'
 
	The referee blows for the second half of the match.
45+1'
	Both sides have been very active through the first half, providing the fans with an exciting show. We can't say that one of the teams enjoyed any superiority over the first half. The home players attempt to beat the opposition's defence using mostly counter-attacks. The away team tries to prevail using combination football.
45+1'
 
	The first half of today's match has just finished.
44'
	Thiago Alcantara (Bayern Munich) gets on the end of a pass and takes a shot from the edge of the box, but it's blocked by one of the defending players.
43'
 
	Douglas Costa (Bayern Munich) takes the corner but it has been cleared.
43'
 
	Xabi Alonso (Bayern Munich) takes the corner kick and sends the ball among the huddle of players inside the penalty area, but one of the defenders clears it to safety. Bayern Munich have a corner.
42'
	Douglas Costa (Bayern Munich) wastes a promising opportunity as he produces a goal-bound effort from the edge of the box. Petr Cech (Arsenal) stops the ball, which would have ended up inside the top of the net, with a brilliant save. Good work from Bayern Munich as they win a corner.
41'
	Juan Bernat (Bayern Munich) came with a sweet piledriver. He controlled a pass, glanced at the goal and fired from the edge of the box. It could have been a difficult one for the keeper, but he only hit one of the defenders off whom the ball bounced away.
41'
 
	The ball possession at this moment is 32:68.
40'
	The Bayern Munich players are in a nice combination. They show their ability to keep the ball possession, sending it precisely from one to another, but now the final pass is intercepted.
37'
	Theo Walcott (Arsenal) had a promising chance to score with a mid-range attempt he released after a nice pass. He hit it precisely, to the bottom right corner, but he couldn't generate enough power to trouble Manuel Neuer (Bayern Munich).
37'
	The linesman's flag has already been raised for offside when Laurent Koscielny (Arsenal) headed on.
37'
 
	Santi Cazorla (Arsenal) puts a dangerous cross into the box, but the corner is cleared by the first man.
36'
	Hector Bellerin (Arsenal) attempts to find one of his teammates with a sweet pass into the box, but one of the defending players reacts well and intercepts the effort. Now Arsenal with a corner.
35'
	Theo Walcott (Arsenal) didn't beat the offside trap. The flag goes up and the referee blows his whistle.
34'
	The game is interrupted as Nacho Monreal (Arsenal) is flagged for offside.
33'
	Theo Walcott (Arsenal) attempts to convert a lofted cross as he jumps high and heads the ball to the middle of the goal. Manuel Neuer (Bayern Munich) shows his brilliant reflexes and pulls off a glorious save to stop the ball from hitting the net.
31'
	Alexis Sanchez (Arsenal) gets to the ball from the resulting corner, but he blazes it well over the bar.
30'
 
	Corner kick. Santi Cazorla (Arsenal) will try to deliver a quality ball into the box.
30'
	Manuel Neuer (Bayern Munich) sends a pass which fails to reach any of his teammates. The referee signals for a corner kick, Arsenal are awarded.
30'
	Alexis Sanchez (Arsenal) passes to Theo Walcott (Arsenal), but he produces a wild shot from the edge of the box. It goes high over the bar.
28'
	Arturo Vidal (Bayern Munich) receives a low pass just outside the box and unleashes a fine strike towards the left post. Petr Cech (Arsenal) pulls off a reflexive save to block his effort. Nice piece of goalkeeping skill, indeed.
27'
	Arturo Vidal (Bayern Munich) is able to continue to play.
26'
 
	Looks like Arturo Vidal (Bayern Munich) is struggling after picking up a knock. We will see if he can run that off.
25'
	Well-received pass by Robert Lewandowski (Bayern Munich). He unleashes a strike from the edge of the box, but he blazes it high over the bar.
23'
	Oh, this didn't go well. Theo Walcott (Arsenal) tried his luck from the edge of the box, but his effort directed to the middle of the goal was too weak to get past Manuel Neuer (Bayern Munich), who keeps it out easily.
22'
	Thiago Alcantara (Bayern Munich) fails to pick a body out in the box with a over-hit cross to the back post. The ball is behind the sideline and Arsenal will take a throw-in.
20'
	The resulting set piece, sent into the penalty area by Santi Cazorla (Arsenal), was easily averted by one of the defenders.
20'
	Arturo Vidal (Bayern Munich) with an overly-aggressive challenge, and referee Cuneyt Cakir blows his whistle for a foul. Arsenal are given a free kick. Will they create any chance from that?
20'
 
	Douglas Costa (Bayern Munich) puts a cross into the box from the corner but there is no panic for the oppositon as they easily clear.
19'
	Nice individual effort by Douglas Costa (Bayern Munich). He gets all the way to the goalkeeper and takes a shot to the left side of the goal, but Petr Cech (Arsenal) does a good job to anticipate the direction of the ball and keeps it out with his save. Bayern Munich have been awarded a corner kick. The main referee and one of the assistants point at the corner flag.
16'
 
	Douglas Costa (Bayern Munich) takes the corner which is cleared.
16'
	Douglas Costa (Bayern Munich) sends a pass into the box, but his attempt is thwarted and cleared. The ball goes out-of-play. Bayern Munich have been awarded a corner kick.
15'
	Xabi Alonso (Bayern Munich) sends a lofted cross from a mid-range free kick. His effort, however, goes out-of-play. The ball is out of the pitch and it's a goal kick for Arsenal.
14'
	Laurent Koscielny (Arsenal) was too harsh with his tackle which made Cuneyt Cakir interrupt the game and signal for a set piece. That's a free kick to Bayern Munich.
14'
 
	Douglas Costa (Bayern Munich) swings in the corner, but fails to find any of his teammates. One of the defenders reacts superbly to get it clear.
13'
	David Alaba (Bayern Munich) creates a yard of space for himself and tries an effort from distance, but it is blocked. Bayern Munich get a corner.
11'
	Thiago Alcantara (Bayern Munich) gets on the end of a pass and produces a promising first-time shot at goal. His effort is blocked by Petr Cech (Arsenal) with a brilliant diving save!
10'
	Douglas Costa (Bayern Munich) sends a killer pass from the edge of the box, but one of the defenders reacts at the last minute and thwarts his effort.
9'
	Philipp Lahm (Bayern Munich) swings a cross into the box, but is far too close to Petr Cech (Arsenal), who smothers the ball.
8'
 
	Santi Cazorla (Arsenal) takes the corner, but one of the defenders reacts well and rises highest to head the ball away.
8'
	Theo Walcott (Arsenal) is first to the rebound but his shot is blocked. Wow, what an escape there for the opposition. The ball is out-of-play, and the assistant referee points at the corner flag. Arsenal will take it.
7'
	Mesut Ozil (Arsenal) latches on to a precise pass and one-on-one with the keeper drills the ball towards the left post. Manuel Neuer (Bayern Munich) is alert, though, and leaps like a salmon to deny his attempt.
5'
 
	The resulting corner, taken by Xabi Alonso (Bayern Munich), comes to nothing.
4'
	Robert Lewandowski (Bayern Munich) produces a solo run, but he fails to create a chance as the opposition player cuts him out. The assistant referee points to the corner flag, Bayern Munich are going to take it.
4'
	Cuneyt Cakir interrupts the game. It was a tactical foul from Hector Bellerin (Arsenal).
3'
	Hector Bellerin (Arsenal) is adjudged to have been offside when making his run.
1'
	Juan Bernat (Bayern Munich) was too aggressive in his challenge. The referee blows his whistle.
1'
	Robert Lewandowski (Bayern Munich) slaloms his way past challenges, but an opposing player does well to get the ball away.
1'
 
	The first half has started.
 
	The players are out at last! Arsenal will take the kick-off.
 
	Cuneyt Cakir will supervise the game today.
 
 
	The starting XIs were already announced and you can go through them in the Lineups section.
Show lineups »
 
	Hello, welcome to our live play-by-play commentaries. You will be able to see a written form of all the interesting moments of the game, so you won't miss a thing. Sit back and have fun.
