
    That's all I've got time for this evening. Thank you very much for joining. I'm sure this is a night that will live long in the memory for Arsenal fans everywhere. I'm Chris Baker and I'll see you again next time!
    The tricky thing now for Arsenal is that they have to go and do it all over again now in Bavaria in a couple of weeks. At least they have a blueprint for success now. This result can only give the Gunners players confidence and belief in their manager. This result is a setback but by no means a disaster for Bayern Munich.
    Critics of Pep Guardiola and his style of play will point to a game like this and state that it is possession over penetration. Despite clocking up over six-hundred passes during the ninety minutes they were unable to get a goal. Robert Lewandowski was not his usual self in front of goal and Manuel Neuer made a terrible mistake to hand the initiative to Arsenal.
    What a win for the Gunners and in many ways it is typical of Arsene Wenger's men - when they are written off and given no chance they produce a performance that no-one really expects. Their Champions League dream is still alive.
    90' + 4'
    Assist Héctor Bellerín
    90' + 4'
    Goal Mesut Özil
    90' + 4'
    It's all over at the Emirates. A smash and grab job from Arsenal as they prevail 2-0 over Bayern Munich!
    90' + 3'
    Bellerin does brilliantly to win back possession and races clear of the last defender. The right back then squares it to Mesut Ozil who side foots it home. Neuer almost keeps the ball out but it sneaks over the line.
    90' + 3'
    GOAL! Game, set and match for Arsenal. Ozil makes it 2-0!
    90' + 2'
    Ozil collects Gibbs' pass and heads towards the corner flag. Douglas Costa appears to pull the Arsenal man back but there is nothing doing from the referee much to Wenger's annoyance.
    90'
    We are going to have four minutes of injury time here at the Emirates. Can Arsenal hold on?
    89'
    SHOT! Thiago dances past a couple of challenges and lets fly from twenty yards out but his shot is at a nice height for Cech, who is able to collect it at the second attempt.
    87'
    It is all hands on deck for the Gooners now as Bayern look to go a bit more direct as they chase an equaliser. Alaba lumps the ball forward but it is food and drink for the giant Mertesacker who heads it away.
    85'
    Arsenal nearly hit Bayern Munich on the counter attack but the move eventually fizzles out. Ozil pings a long ball up to Giroud who holds the ball up brilliantly, under immense pressure from Boateng. Another diagonal pass from Cazorla then picks out Oxlade-Chamberlain but his attempted headed pass is not on the money.
    83'
    Yellow Card Olivier Giroud
    83'
    CHANCE! Giroud has an absolutely free header about seven yards out but can only direct a tame effort straight at Neuer. That could and perhaps should have been the end of this as a contest.
    82'
    SubstitutionAlexis Sánchez Kieran Gibbs
    81'
    Wenger's intentions are now perfectly clear as Kieran Gibbs has come on in place of Alexis Sanchez as the Gunners look to see this one out and claim what would be a famous victory.
    79'
    If Neuer's save in the first half was world class then his goalkeeping for the Arsenal goal was truly Sunday League! The German number one totally flapped at that cross and was left stranded in no mans land. Dreadful.
    77'
    Assist Santi Cazorla
    77'
    Goal Olivier Giroud
    77'
    GOAL! GIROUD BREAKS THE DEADLOCK! 1-0 to Arsenal.
    75'
    WIDE! Muller rolls his man just inside the Arsenal penalty area after collecting Lahm's throw in but it flashes just past the post. So close.
    74'
    SubstitutionTheo Walcott Olivier Giroud
    73'
    Walcott's work tonight is done and Giroud will enter the fray. Bayern then launch a sweeping counter attack. Muller feeds Costa who in turn releases Lewandowski. The Polish striker was bearing down on the Arsenal goal but Cech does brilliantly to recover the situation.
    71'
    SubstitutionArturo Vidal Rafinha
    71'
    Oxlade-Chamberlain hasn't seen a great deal of the ball since coming on but whenever he has had it, he has been very positive and direct. This time he forces a corner from Bernat. Ozil swings the set piece into the box but Alaba easily clears it away from danger.
    70'
    SubstitutionXabi Alonso Joshua Kimmich
    69'
    It is in fact a double substitution for Bayern Munich with Vidal and Alonso replaced by Kimmich and Rafinha. You imagine this will mean that Lahm will move into defensive midfield with Rafinha slotting in at right back. Can the alterations have the desired effect for Pep?
    66'
    The Gunners have worked incredibly hard this evening. Can they maintain it for the last quarter of this match? Xabi Alonso is becoming a bit frustrated with a lack of movement in front of him. Changes appear to be afoot for the visitors with Rafinha warming up.
    64'
    Bayern Munich by their standards are rather short of star names on their substitutes bench with the likes of Robben and Ribery missing through injury. You wonder when Wenger will consider introducing someone like Olivier Giroud to give Arsenal a bit more of a physical presence up front.
    62'
    If Arsenal don't concede in the next half an hour or so it will be a wonderful example of concentration and defensive discipline. Bayern are starting to get on top. Thomas Muller always manages to pop up in the right places but this time his cross is overhit.
    60'
    Bayern's high pressing is reminiscent of Pep Guardiola's Barcelona. On this occasion Sanchez gives the ball away to Lewandowski whose shot is smartly blocked by Koscielny. It then falls into the path of Alonso who tries his luck from distance but it is never troubling Cech.
    58'
    Alonso rather cynically brings down Cazorla in the middle of the park and is rather fortunate to escape without a booking. Ozil and Monreal get Arsenal moving forwards and the move ends with Coquelin slashing the ball wide from about twenty-five yards. Better from the Gunners.
    57'
    SubstitutionAaron Ramsey Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain
    56'
    This doesn't look good for Ramsey as he goes down clutching his hamstring and immediately signals to the bench that he can't continue. Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain will replace the Welshman.
    55'
    SAVE! Costa tries to pick out the run of Thiago but it is cut out by Mertesacker. The ball does however find its way to Lewandowski who smashes it goalwards but Cech is well placed to tip it over. Alonso takes the resulting corner short and it comes to nothing for Munich.
    53'
    Aaron Ramsey looks to relieve some of the pressure by carrying the fight to the opposition from deep. His pass finds Walcott but the Arsenal striker is quickly crowded out and Bayern regain possession.
    51'
    Douglas Costa is such a slippery customer and this time he wriggles away from Koscielny with a drop of the shoulder. He then unleashes a fierce strike towards goal that only just clears Cech's crossbar. The Arsenal goalkeeper was beaten all ends up there.
    49'
    Xabi Alonso attempts his party piece and tries to embarrass Petr Cech by scoring from his own half. But on this occasion the Spaniards radar is slightly off and the ball drifts wide. Ambitious to say the least.
    47'
    The pattern of the game remains unchanged at the beginning of the second half. Bayern Munich straight on the offensive. Always passing and probing, looking for that chance to unpick the Arsenal rearguard.
    46'
    No changes for either side at the break and Bayern Munich get the second half started.
    Pep Guardiola on the other hand will be reasonably satisified with many aspects of his teams performane. He will surely feel that if his side remain patient they have enough quality to wear Arsenal out and take their opportunities when they come along. A fascinating second half awaits!
    Arsene Wenger will be very pleased with the way his players have taken his instructions on board and implemented them so far. The longer it stays at 0-0 the more he will feel his team can nick a goal on the break. They have shown that they are well capable of testing the Bayern Munich defence.
    It has been a rather cat and mouse affair so far. As you would expect Bayern have dominated possession but Arsenal have fashioned the most clear cut opportunity of the evening. Theo Walcott was somehow denied by a miraclous save by Manuel Neuer.
    45'
    And that is half time. 0-0 here at the Emirates. No injury time added on at the end of the of the first fourty-five minutes which is unusual these days.
    43'
    Bayern have reacted well to those scares and are now trying to get on the front foot as we approach half time. Douglas Costa does well to pick out Thiago from the left wing but the former Barcelona midfielder's shot is well blocked.
    41'
    SHOT! Sanchez commits the cardinal sin of giving the ball away in a really bad area. Costa pounces on the error and looks to rifle the ball into the roof of the net but Koscielny does well to deflect it over the bar.
    38'
    Arsenal should take great heart from their recent counter attacks. When they turn over possession in midfield they look a real threat to their illustrious opponents. Wenger's tactical approach is paying dividends so far.
    36'
    Coquelin does exactly what he is in the team to do and picks the pocket of Thiago before moving the ball onto Cazorla. The Spanish playmaker wastes no time in releasing Walcott over the top. The England striker races away from Boateng and side foots it towards goal but it is straight down the throat of Neuer.
    33'
    Arsenal have been bouyed by that chance and will wonder how on earth they are not in front. Walcott's pace and movement is causing Boateng and Alaba all sorts of problems.
    31'
    SAVE! AND IT IS AN INCREDIBLE STOP FROM NEUER! Monreal picks Walcott out totally unmarked from inside the six yard box, the Arsenal striker heads the ball which is seemingly destined for the back of the net but the German goalkeeper claws it out. Unbelievable.
    29'
    OVER! Walcott's shot forced a corner which Ozil took from the right hand side. The cross finds its way to an unmarked Alexis Sanchez at the far post but the Chilean lashes the ball over the crossbar when well placed.
    27'
    SAVE! Vidal stings the palms of Petr Cech with a half volley from the top of the box but it comfortable for the Arsenal goalkeeper. The Bayern Munich had been writhing around in agony moments before but seems perfectly fine now.
    25'
    The Arsenal fans aren't happy because Cazorla is penalised for a foul in central midfield. There have been precious little tackles so far tonight with the home team willing to stand off their opponents for the most part.
    23'
    MISS! A rarity these days but it is a poor effort from the in form Robert Lewandowski who collects Vidal's pass and shifts the ball onto his left foot but his shot is high and wild.
    21'
    SHOT! Walcott does well to engineer a shot from the inside left channel but he doesn't get enough power on it and it is catching practice for Neuer. Sanchez is looking to find the Arsenal striker at every opportunity with Bayern playing such a high line.
    19'
    Bellerin could really do with Ramsey helping him out a bit more as Costa is looking to take him on at every opportunity. This time the Bayern winger races past the Arsenal full back and fires a shot in from a tight angle but Cech is equal to the effort, parrying it away to safety.
    17'
    The Arsenal faithful aren't used to seeing their side have so little of the ball and are trying to urge their players on. Xabi Alonso has the freedom of the pitch and is really orchestrating proceedings so far this evening.
    15'
    Douglas Costa looks to use his electric pace around the outside on the left wing this time and whips in a dangerous looking cross but Mertesacker is well positioned at the near post and clears the ball away for a corner.
    13'
    Bayern are beginning to get on top here and Arsene Wenger may want to see his players push up the pitch a little bit more. There is little to no pressure on the ball at the moment and Arsenal are finding it hard to give themselves any respite.
    11'
    CHANCE! Thiago finds himself in space on the edge of the Arsenal penalty area and plays a one-two with Muller. The Spanish midfielder then has Cech firmly in his sights but can only blast the ball straight at the goalkeeper. Let off for the Gunners.
    9'
    It has not been a blood and thunder start from the Gunners but a rather patient and watchful one instead. They are almost playing like the away team at the moment. Surrending possession and looking to counter attack when they can.
    7'
    SAVE! Sanchez dances away from a couple of challenges before feeding the ball to Ozil who hits a low shot across goal with his right foot that Neuer does well to turn away. It falls to Walcott who tries to turn the rebound goalwards but it is well cleared by Lahm. Decent chance for the home side there.
    5'
    Bayern Munich haven't wasted anytime in trying to impose their usual passing game and Arsenal, for the moment, are happy to let the visitors have possession. The away fans are now filtering into the stadium after boycotting the first five minutes of the match in protest to the ticket prices for this fixture.
    3'
    Arsenal respond by almost getting in behind themselves but Bellerin is caught offside. A typically incisive pass from Ozil to the right back there but it was a good defensive line from Bayern.
    1'
    Lewandowski is straight on the offensive and drives at the heart of the Arsenal defence after Vidal had won the ball in midfield. The Polish striker beat Mertesacker far too easily but Bellerin does well to tidy up. A signal of intent from the visitors there.
    1'
    Arsenal get us underway!
    The players are making their way out onto the pitch. The Emirates stadium is a sea of red and white. It is basically do or die for the North London side this evening against the formidable outfit from Bavaria. The atmosphere is building nicely and kick off is just moments away...
    If you are wondering where David Ospina is he is injured and that gives a chance for young Matthew Macey an opportunity to be in Arsenal's matchday squad. Oliver Giroud is on the bench despite scoring against Watford at the weekend. Gabriel Paulista has not sufficiently recovered from his recent illness and misses out.
    BAYERN MUNICH SUBS: Ulreich, Martinez, Rafinha, Kirchhoff, Gaudino, Coman and Kimmich.
    ARSENAL SUBS: Macey, Debuchy, Gibbs, Arteta, Giroud, Oxlade-Chamberlain and Chambers.
    BAYERN MUNICH XI (4-1-4-1): Neuer; Lahm (c), Boateng, Alaba, Bernat; Alonso; Muller, Thiago, Vidal, Costa; Lewandowski.
    ARSENAL XI (4-2-3-1): Cech; Bellerin, Mertesacker (c), Koscielny, Monreal; Coquelin, Cazorla; Ramsey, Ozil, Sanchez; Walcott.
    We'll start with our hosts the Gunners...
    In contrast to Arsenal, Pep Guardiola's Bayern have started their European campaign superbly, scoring eight goals without reply in comfortable victories over Olympiacos and Dinamo Zagreb. Another victory for the German champions this evening would leave them firmly on course for a place in the last 16. Let's take a look at the two teams.
    Hello and welcome to our LIVE text commentary on the UEFA Champions League Group F clash between Arsenal and Bayern Munich. This promises to be a mouthwatering encounter at the Emirates Stadium ... and one Arsene Wenger's side can ill afford to lose after suffering defeats in each of their opening two matches.

