90
Alexis picks up on the left , cuts inside and looks for the far corner but Adrian saves
90
Maiga tries his luck from 20 yards but it's a comfortable save for Cech . 
Five minutes to be added on ...
89
SUBSTITUTION: Maiga comes on for Sakho
89
Oxlade-Chamberlain beats two defenders to cross to Giroud who scoops over at the near post
85
Cazorla forces Adrian into a diving save with a powerful drive from 20 yards
82
Oxlade-Chamberlain collects on the right-hand side of the area and smashes into the side netting
81
Sakho races into the box but Cech holds onto his low effort
79
SUBSTITUTION: Nolan comes on for Oxford
77
Both players are back on their feet now and West Ham get us restarted
75
There's a break in play here while Giroud receives treatment following a clash of heads with Tomkins
72
Alexis cuts in from the left-hand side but is shot is blocked in the six-yard box
69
Monreal is booked for a late challenge on Noble in the middle of the pitch
69
BOOKING: Monreal
67
SUBSTITUTION: Alexis comes on for Debuchy
66
Sakho gets into the box but cannot control Kouyate's long ball
65
Giroud connects with Cazorla's free-kick but his header is straight at Adrian
64
Monreal wins a free-kick on the left after being tripped by Jarvis . 
Cazorla to take ...
62
SUBSTITUTION: Jarvis comes on for Zarate
58
SUBSTITUTION: Walcott comes on for Coquelin
57
Arsenal fail to clear on the edge of their box and Zarate fires into the bottom corner
57
Goal: Zarate
57
Oxlade-Chamberlain finds Giroud this time and the striker forces Adrian into a low save
55
Ozil pulls back to Giroud who turns his man before smashing into the side netting
53
Giroud sends in a dangerous ball and Adrian just about manages to smother under pressure from Ozil
52
Cazorla finds Oxlade-Chamberlain in the area but his shot is blocked by Tomkins
46
West Ham get us back underway for the second half at Emirates Stadium . 
COME ON YOU GUNNERS !
45
HALF-TIME
45
Ozil gets into the box after some nice interplay but his shot is blocked by Tomkins in the six-yard box
45
Two minutes to be added on ...
43
Kouyate heads Payet's free-kick past Cech to give West Ham the lead
43
Goal: Kouyate
40
Ramsey collects on the edge of the box and sends a low drive inches wide of the corner
38
Tomkins trips Monreal and Adrian has to react quickly to punch away Cazorla's free-kick
38
BOOKING: Tomkins
36
Payet twists and turns on the edge of the box before curling a deflected strike over
35
Arsenal break in numbers but Giroud can't pick out the onrushing Ozil
33
Oxlade-Chamberlain delivers a teasing cross but it's just too far in front of Giroud and Reid clears
31
West Ham clear a cross as far as Ramsey whose deflected stoke cannons off the crossbar
29
Oxlade-Chamberlain dribbles around four West Ham players and crosses to Cazorla who volleys inches over
26
Coquelin speeds past his man to cross to Giroud , who chests down before Ogbonna blocks his volley
24
Cazorla's whipped free-kick is headed away by Sakho and West Ham win back possession
23
Giroud brings the ball down with a sublime touch before he is fouled by Tomkins . 
Free-kick on the left ...
20
Payet crosses to Sakho but his volley is an easy save for Cech
18
Cresswell collects 20 yards out and prepares to shoot but Oxlade-Chamberlain recovers well to block
16
Sakho drives into the box but Mertesacker makes a brilliant sliding tackle to halt his progress
15
Koscielny heads Mertesacker's flick just wide but the German had already been flagged offside
12
Giroud's cross is cleared as far as Oxlade-Chamberlain who volleys just wide of the top corner from 18 yards
8
Ozil looks to curl his free-kick but the wall deflects away for a corner which Koscielny heads over
8
Ogbonna clatters into Oxlade-Chamberlain on the edge of the box . 
Ozil to take the resulting free-kick ...
8
BOOKING: Ogbonna
6
Cazorla beats two players to get into the box but is tackled by Cresswell as he prepares to shoot
5
Noble is booked for a late challenge on Coquelin
5
BOOKING: Noble
4
Oxlade-Chamberlain drives towards the box and feeds Giroud but Cresswell tackles inside the area
3
Kouyate gets in behind and looks for Sakho but Mertesacker is well placed to clear
1
WE'RE OFF !
Arsenal get 2015/16 underway in N5 . 
COME ON YOU GUNNERS !
