

    90
    FULL-TIME
    90
    SUBSTITUTION:

    Onomah comes on for Eriksen
    90

    Three minutes added on...
    90

    Tottenham clear Ozil's whipped free-kick away from danger
    89

    Giroud wins a free-kick outside of the box
    86

    Ozil attempts to dribble into the box but Tottenham's defence win possession
    83

    Lloris is forced to punch away Ozil's corner before making a fine save
    81
    SUBSTITUTION:

    Mason comes on for Alli
    78
    SUBSTITUTION:

    Arteta comes on for Debuchy
    77

    Gibbs fires past Lloris at the back post to equalise
    ‏p_bahati on Twitter

    That's now a super sub 1-1 ~ #Gibbs #AFCvTHFC
    77
    GOAL! GIBBS!
    75
    SUBSTITUTION:

    Son comes on for Lamela
    73
    SUBSTITUTION:

    Gibbs comes on for Campbell

    image: http://www.arsenal.com/assets/images/diamonds/sc_stephen_hughes_diamond.png
    Stephen Hughes on Player

    Joel's worked hard on the right-hand side but he will be disappointed that he hasn't been able to make more of an impact
    72

    Kane cuts inside and fires at goal but the ball goes wide of the post
    70

    Alderweireld heads towards goal but Cech produces a fantastic reflex save to deny him
    Arsenal_PAK on Twitter

    What a save @PetrCech surely saved a second. #AFCvTHFC
    69

    Eriksen cuts inside and shoots but Koscielny makes a good block
    68

    Alexis attempts to launch a quick counter-attack but Walker makes a good tackle
    67

    Giroud hooks Eriksen's crossed free-kick away from danger
    64

    Kane advances into the box but drags his shot wide of the post
    64

    Eriksen fires at goal inside the box but Cech makes a fantastic save to deny him
    60

    Giroud finds himself unmarked in the box and heads Ozil's corner wide of the post
    60

    Ozil whips a corner looking for Giroud but Lloris punches away the danger
    58

    Koscielny heads Ozil's crossed free-kick just wide of the post

    image: http://www.arsenal.com/assets/images/diamonds/sc_stephen_hughes_diamond.png
    Stephen Hughes on Player

    It's very difficult for him to score from there. Maybe he should have knocked it back across to Giroud who was in the box
    55

    Lamela is cautioned for a sliding challenge on Coquelin
    55
    BOOKING: Lamela
    54

    Giroud almost equalises with a header that crashes against the bar
    KhaledAlOtaib16 on Twitter

    Omg... It's not one of those days is it? #AFCvTHFC
    53

    Rose's deep cross looking for Kane goes out of play
    51

    Tottenham defend well and clear Alexis's attempted through ball to Giroud
    50

    Campbell is dispossessed on the right flank as he attempted to launch a quick counter-attack

    image: http://www.arsenal.com/assets/images/diamonds/sc_stephen_hughes_diamond.png
    Stephen Hughes on Player

    Arsenal need to improve all over the park. At the moment they're second to every ball and that needs to change sooner rather than later
    46
    SUBSTITUTION:

    Flamini comes on for Cazorla
    46

    Arsenal get us back underway for the second half. COME ON YOU GUNNERS!
    45
    HALF-TIME
    45

    One minute added on...
    45

    Kane fires low and hard at goal inside the box but Cech makes a good save
    42

    Debuchy plays a lofted pass towards Alexis but he can't keep it in play
    39

    Alexis attempts a clever flick towards goal after Campbell had crossed but Lloris saves well
    37

    Alli advances towards goal but Cech gathers his through ball towards Kane
    32

    Kane races through on goal and finishes to give Tottenham the lead
    lillydav10 on Twitter

    Come on Arsenal, we were doing well before! Keep it up #AFCvTHFC
    32
    Goal: Kane
    29

    Ozil''s low cross into the box looking for Giroud is cleared by Tottenham's defence
    28

    Rose fires his shot over the bar from inside the box
    25

    Dier heads the ball wide of Cech's back post
    23

    Alli fouls Cazorla with a mistimed challenge in Arsenal's half

    image: http://www.arsenal.com/assets/images/diamonds/sc_stephen_hughes_diamond.png
    Stephen Hughes on Player

    Cazorla looks like he's struggling a bit after that tackle but he doesn't want to come off. It looks like he's going to jog it off
    20

    Eriksen curls an effort wide of Cech's post
    19

    Coquelin and Debuchy work together to block Dembele's driven shot
    18

    Monreal's cross into the box is headed away

    image: http://www.arsenal.com/assets/images/diamonds/sc_stephen_hughes_diamond.png
    Stephen Hughes on Player

    That's what Monreal does really well, overlapping Alexis, and Arsenal are looking very dangerous going forward
    14

    Alexis races onto Cech's lofted pass and wins a throw in on the left flank
    10

    Cech gets down well and gathers Rose's low cross into the box
    9

    Tottenham clear Cazorla's whipped corner
    8

    Campbell's cross is deflected and he wins a corner
    DanielBarker82 on Twitter

    Really like Joel Campbell. He's fast, strong & skilful but also aggressive. He will shoot when others won't. #AFCvTHFC
    6

    Campbell can't keep Alexis's through ball in play
    3

    Cazorla wins possession on the edge of the box and launches a quick counter-attack but Spurs clear
    2

    Kane looks to latch onto a pass but Mertesacker clears the danger
    1
    WE'RE OFF!

    Tottenham get us underway at Emirates Stadium. COME ON YOU GUNNERS!

    HERE THEY COME! Mertesacker leads out Arsenal at Emirates Stadium. We are now just moments away from kick-off

    Tottenham substitutes: Vorm, Davies, Trippier, Carroll, Mason, Onomah, Son

    Tottenham team to play Arsenal: Lloris (c), Walker, Alderweireld, Vertonghen, Rose, Alli, Dier, Dembele, Eriksen, Lamela, Kane

    Arsenal substitutes: Ospina, Arteta, Gabriel, Chambers, Gibbs, Flamini, Iwobi

    Arsenal team to play Tottenham: Cech, Debuchy, Koscielny, Mertesacker, Monreal, Cazorla, Coquelin, Ozil, Alexis, Campbell, Giroud

    We will bring you team news shortly...

    Mesut Ozil has the most goal assists in Europe's top five leagues this season (9).

    Tottenham have lost just two of their last 10 Premier League away games (W4 D4 L2).

    Spurs have won just one of their last 22 Premier League trips to their north London rivals (W1 D8 L13).

    We will bring you all the action as it happens live from Emirates Stadium but first some stats...

    Hello and welcome to our live coverage of Arsenal's Barclays Premier League fixture against Tottenham Hotspur.
