90+4'
	The fans on the stadium don't have to regret buying the tickets as they have witnessed a great game today. Very even game was to be seen on the pitch today. Both sides tried to combine well and to keep the ball on their feet.
90+4'
 
	Nothing more will happen today, Martin Atkinson has blown his whistle and the game is over.
90+4'
	Harry Kane (Tottenham) shoots from outside the box, but his effort is blocked.
90+2'
	The game is interrupted, a clear handball by Joshua Onomah (Tottenham).
90+1'
 
	The manager is making a substitution. Christian Eriksen (Tottenham) walks off the pitch and is replaced by Joshua Onomah (Tottenham).
90'
 
	We will have 3 min. of added time.
90'
	Harry Kane (Tottenham) makes a good run with the ball into the box, but he mishits his shot as it goes way wide of the right post.
90'
	Mesut Ozil (Arsenal) floats the free kick into the box, but the delivery is easily cleared by the first man.
89'
	Eric Dier (Tottenham) with an overly-aggressive challenge, and referee Martin Atkinson blows his whistle for a foul. Arsenal are given an advantage. They have a free kick.
88'
	Like an avalanche. Alexis Sanchez (Arsenal) is penalised for his attacking foul. Martin Atkinson has a clear vision and blows the whistle. Alexis Sanchez (Arsenal) is arguing, but the referee's decision cannot be changed.
86'
	Kieran Gibbs (Arsenal) fails to send a pass into the box. His effort is cut out.
85'
 
	The attendance is 60060.
84'
 
	Alexis Sanchez (Arsenal) sends a wonderful cross from the corner kick. However, the defence works perfectly to clear the ball and to avert the threat.
84'
	Hugo Lloris (Tottenham) pulls off a fantastic save! Olivier Giroud (Arsenal) attempts to head home after a precise cross into the box. He aims his header towards the left post, but the effort is kept out. The referee blows his whistle, Arsenal are awarded a corner kick.
83'
 
	Mesut Ozil (Arsenal) swings in the corner, but the goalkeeper does a brilliant job to intercept the effort.
83'
	Olivier Giroud (Arsenal) slaloms his way past challenges, but an opposing player does well to get the ball away. The main referee and one of his assistants signal for a corner kick. It will be taken by Arsenal.
82'
 
	Substitution. Dele Alli (Tottenham) walks off the pitch and Ryan Mason (Tottenham) comes on as a substitute.
80'
	Dele Alli (Tottenham) is adjudged offside.
79'
	Olivier Giroud (Arsenal) receives a fine cross inside the box and attempts to score a goal, but his strike flies just a few inches over the bar.
79'
 
	Mesut Ozil (Arsenal) prepares to take a corner kick.
79'
	Per Mertesacker (Arsenal) unleashes a close-range volley to the left side of the goal, but his effort is thwarted by the keeper, and the score doesn't change. Arsenal forced their opponent to concede a corner.
77'
 
	It's time for a substitution. Mikel Arteta (Arsenal) comes on in place of Mathieu Debuchy (Arsenal).
77'
 
	Goal! Mesut Ozil (Arsenal) puts a cross into the box and finds Kieran Gibbs (Arsenal), who latches on to it and strikes the ball inside the left post. He makes it 1:1.
76'
	Nacho Monreal (Arsenal) whips the ball into the penalty area, but one of the defenders is alert and spanks it away.
75'
	The assistant referee signals offside, and the main referee confirms his decision. Kieran Gibbs (Arsenal) is the one who was caught offside.
75'
 
	Mauricio Pochettino prepares a substitution. Erik Lamela (Tottenham) is replaced by Heung-Min Son (Tottenham).
74'
 
	Substitution. Kieran Gibbs (Arsenal) has come on for Joel Campbell (Arsenal).
72'
	Harry Kane (Tottenham) was close to scoring after he unleashed a powerful shot which went by a whisker wide of the left post.
70'
	Toby Alderweireld (Tottenham) rises highest from the corner to head at goal, but his effort which is aimed to the middle is comfortably denied by the goalkeeper.
70'
 
	The opposing player made a nice clearance and it is a corner kick. Erik Lamela (Tottenham) is about to send the ball in.
70'
	Harry Kane (Tottenham) connects with a cross from the side and steers a header from around the penalty spot towards the goal. The ball goes in a right direction, but it's stopped by one of the defenders. The ball is out-of-play. Tottenham will have a chance to score from a corner.
69'
	Good effort by Christian Eriksen (Tottenham), but his strike only hit a defender. Not a real threat for the goalkeeper.
67'
 
	This corner kick is taken with a short pass by Christian Eriksen (Tottenham).
67'
	Dele Alli (Tottenham) looks to break free, but an opposing player clears. Tottenham get a corner.
65'
 
	Christian Eriksen (Tottenham) quickly takes the corner kick with a short pass.
65'
	Erik Lamela (Tottenham) looks to break free, but an opposing player clears. Corner kick. Tottenham will have an opportunity.
64'
	Close! Harry Kane (Tottenham) picks it up in space and from inside the penalty area sends a shot that sails inches wide of the left post.
64'
	Dele Alli (Tottenham) finds some space inside the box and produces a first-time shot that goes high over the bar. High, wide and not at all pretty.
63'
	Petr Cech (Arsenal) pulls off a great save to deny Christian Eriksen (Tottenham) who makes himself some space inside the box and unleashes a quick shot towards the middle of the goal.
61'
	Olivier Giroud (Arsenal) rises above the defence to meet a cross from the corner. He has good timing, but he directs his header just a few inches wide of the left post.
61'
 
	Mesut Ozil (Arsenal) will deliver the corner kick.
61'
	Mesut Ozil (Arsenal) serves in a nice cross, but the defence clear the danger. The main referee points to the corner flag, Arsenal will take a corner.
60'
 
	Mesut Ozil (Arsenal) whips in a cross from the corner, but Hugo Lloris (Tottenham) is well prepared and punches the ball away.
60'
	The ball is cleared after Mesut Ozil (Arsenal) attempted to dribble past an opposing player. Arsenal have been awarded a corner kick. The main referee and one of the assistants point at the corner flag.
59'
	Erik Lamela (Tottenham) is flagged for offside.
58'
	What an opportunity! Laurent Koscielny (Arsenal) leaps high to meet a beautiful cross into the box from the free kick, and he plants a header from near the penalty spot which goes a whisker wide of the left post.
57'
	Eric Dier (Tottenham) was clearly holding an opposition player, and the referee blows his whistle for a foul. Arsenal earn a free kick.
55'
 
	Erik Lamela (Tottenham) is booked after bringing down an opponent. Martin Atkinson had an easy-decision to make.
54'
	Olivier Giroud (Arsenal) creates himself some space in front of the goal and connects with the resulting free kick. His almost perfect header hits the bar and ricochets away off it.
54'
	Martin Atkinson couldn't ignore the harsh tackle of Moussa Dembele (Tottenham) and blew the whistle. A free kick for Arsenal. They most likely won't attempt to directly endanger the goal with this one.
53'
	A cross from the side of the pitch flies into the box, but it doesn't reach its intended target. Danny Rose (Tottenham) would have to aim better in order to get more out of it. The ball is out of the pitch and it's a goal kick for Arsenal.
53'
 
	Erik Lamela (Tottenham) takes a short corner kick.
53'
	Dele Alli (Tottenham) produces a solo run, but he fails to create a chance as the opposition player cuts him out. The ball is out-of-play and Tottenham manage to earn a corner.
52'
 
	Christian Eriksen (Tottenham) doesn't send a cross into the box from the corner. He passes the ball to his teammate next to him.
51'
	Christian Eriksen (Tottenham) received a pass inside the box, sent a dangerous shot on goal, but celebration has been thwarted by one of the defenders who stepped in and blocked his effort. It's hard to say whether the keeper would have been there. Tottenham get a chance to score from a corner kick.
51'
	Martin Atkinson blows his whistle and it is Dele Alli (Tottenham) who is penalised for an offensive foul. Good decision by the referee.
49'
	Christian Eriksen (Tottenham) sends a lofted cross into the box which is headed clear.
48'
	Hugo Lloris (Tottenham) hears fans clapping for his superb goalkeeping. He stops the effort from Joel Campbell (Arsenal) from the edge of the box with a magnificent save. The ball would have probably ended inside the bottom left corner.
48'
	The assistant referee raises his flag, and an attacking effort is stopped by the main referee's whistle. Harry Kane (Tottenham) is the one, who got caught in the offside position.
47'
	Martin Atkinson has a clear vision and sees a foul from Mathieu Debuchy (Arsenal).
46'
 
	Arsene Wenger makes a switch. Mathieu Flamini (Arsenal) is coming on in place of Santi Cazorla (Arsenal) at the start of the second period.
46'
 
	The second half has just started.
45+2'
	The game produced by the players until now wasn't of most attractive ones, but there is still 45 minutes left so let's hope they will come with new inspiration and will show us their best. We can't speak of any dominance on either side in this balanced first half. The home players have more confidence to string together more passes and to keep the ball on their feet. The visiting side rely on their defence and counter-attacks.
45+2'
 
	That's all for the first half. The referee blows his whistle, and players are heading into their locker rooms.
45+1'
	Joel Campbell (Arsenal) delivers a fine lofted cross into the penalty area which is cleared by an opposing player.
45'
 
	1 additional min. will be played.
45'
	Harry Kane (Tottenham) and one of his opponents battle for the ball and Harry Kane (Tottenham) commits an attacking foul.
44'
	Harry Kane (Tottenham) latched on to an accurate pass on the edge of the box and immediately released a cannonball straight to the middle of the net. His effort has been denied by the well prepared keeper who pulled off a stunning save.
42'
	Some great controlled play and passing in the middle of the pitch from Tottenham.
39'
	Harry Kane (Tottenham) sends a pass into the box, but his attempt is thwarted and cleared.
39'
	Alexis Sanchez (Arsenal) darts into the penalty area to latch on to a pass, and he unleashes a low drive towards the middle of the net, but Hugo Lloris (Tottenham) is alert and denies his effort.
38'
	Mathieu Debuchy (Arsenal) makes a bad challenge, and the referee blows his whistle for a foul.
36'
	Dele Alli (Tottenham) slips past one challenge, but is unable to feed a low pass into the path of his teammates.
34'
	Moussa Dembele (Tottenham) was too harsh with his tackle which made Martin Atkinson interrupt the game and signal for a set piece.
32'
 
	Goal! Danny Rose (Tottenham) plays a pass to the feet of Harry Kane (Tottenham), and he takes a shot from inside the box which goes into the back of the net. It's 0:1.
30'
	Danny Rose (Tottenham) wastes a good opportunity as he sends an inaccurate final pass into the box which is blocked by the defence.
29'
	Mesut Ozil (Arsenal) can't slip the ball through and the move breaks down.
27'
	Danny Rose (Tottenham) produces a first-time volley from the edge of the box, but he is off the target as his effort goes way wide of the right post.
25'
	Eric Dier (Tottenham) creates himself some space in front of the goal and connects with the resulting free kick. His inaccurate header ends behind the goal line, within inches of the right post.
24'
	Martin Atkinson interrupts the game. One of the players from Arsenal got the ball, but his effort is judged as a rough play. Tottenham are awarded the free kick.
24'
	Christian Eriksen (Tottenham) races towards goal but the defender gets back well to make a challenge.
23'
	Danny Rose (Tottenham) seems to be alright and is okay to carry on.
22'
 
	Looks like Danny Rose (Tottenham) is struggling after picking up a knock. We will see if he can run that off.
20'
	Christian Eriksen (Tottenham) receives a pass and unleashes a shot which goes well wide of the right post.
20'
 
	Christian Eriksen (Tottenham) decided to speed play up with a short corner kick.
19'
	Moussa Dembele (Tottenham) takes a shot from the edge of the box, but it's not a big threat for the goalkeeper as his effort is blocked by a defender. The referee signals for a corner kick, Tottenham are awarded.
18'
	Alexis Sanchez (Arsenal) whips the ball in, but it can't reach any of his teammates as the opposition's defence averts the threat.
17'
	Per Mertesacker (Arsenal) committed an offensive foul and referee Martin Atkinson immediately signals a set piece.
17'
 
	Mesut Ozil (Arsenal) will take a corner kick.
16'
	Alexis Sanchez (Arsenal) receives a sweet pass inside the box, but his effort on goal is blocked by the defender. The assistant referee points to the corner flag, Arsenal are going to take it.
15'
	Christian Eriksen (Tottenham) makes a nice run and receives a pin-point defence-splitting pass. He would probably have found himself in a promising shooting range, but one of the opponents came with a vital clearance.
12'
	The free kick is taken by Santi Cazorla (Arsenal), but the delivery it's cleared.
11'
	Erik Lamela (Tottenham) pulls the jersey of one of the opposition players, and Martin Atkinson blows his whistle for a foul. There is a free kick given to Arsenal.
10'
	A pass from Danny Rose (Tottenham) is intercepted by Petr Cech (Arsenal) and the move breaks down.
9'
 
	Mesut Ozil (Arsenal) swings in the corner, but it's comfortably cleared away.
8'
	A lofted cross from Joel Campbell (Arsenal) was unsuccessful as the opponent's defence quickly gets the ball out of the penalty area. The assistant referee makes a right call and Arsenal will have a corner.
6'
	Alexis Sanchez (Arsenal) clips a neat ball into the box in the direction of Joel Campbell (Arsenal), but he can't get on the end of a pass.
4'
	A pass into the penalty area from Erik Lamela (Tottenham) is intercepted by the defence.
2'
	The goalkeeper doesn't have to worry about this one. Hugo Lloris (Tottenham) is alert and has a clear vision to thwart a through ball from Alexis Sanchez (Arsenal).
1'
 
	The first half has started.
 
	The players are on the pitch and Tottenham will have the kick-off.
 
	Martin Atkinson will accompany the players on the pitch as the main referee today.
 
 
	The starting XIs were already announced and you can go through them in the Lineups section.
Show lineups »
 
	Hello to all football fans, we are here to bring you a live commentary of the following match, describing all the most interesting and important events. We'll make sure you won't miss a thing, so just sit back and have fun.
