
    That's all from me, Keeghann Sinanan here saying bye for now!
    So honours even in the North London derby as Tottenham are held by Arsenal at the Emirates, in an identical scoreline as the fixture at this ground last season. Once again, the visitors scored first but were pegged back. Both sides had their chances to score more than the goal apiece that they managed, but you get the sense that Arsenal will be the happier side with the point based on how this match went. The Gunners are still second, level on points with City once again, while Tottenham move one up into fifth.
    90' + 4'
    And that will do it!
    90' + 2'
    Koscielny hoists a long ball out of the back and Giroud battles for it with Vertonghen. The referee has to step in to stop a potential scuffle from developing, which plays far more into Tottenham's hands at this late stage. The seconds continue to tick away.
    90' + 1'
    SubstitutionChristian Eriksen Josh Onomah
    90'
    Pochettino makes his third and final change of the game as Onomah, who played a part in the third goal against Aston Villa on Monday night, is brought into the fray for Eriksen. Three minutes of added time signaled by the fourth official. Is there to be a winner?
    88'
    All hands to the pump for Arsenal in attack now, and an identical call to action for the Tottenham players in defence. A free-kick from Ozil is hung towards the back post, but the defence gets ahead of Mertesacker and just about clears away the danger.
    86'
    The Gunners are a completely different outfit to the one that laboured for the vast majority of the second half. They're first to every loose ball, and are capitalising on the Tottenham mistakes in the same way that they themselves were being exploited earlier.
    84'
    Ozil's deliveries have been nothing short of splendid this evening. A corner from the German is punched away frantically by Lloris, but he recovers the loose ball, and whips in an even better one for Giroud, who can't score AGAIN with another free header as Lloris saves!
    82'
    SubstitutionD. Alli Ryan Mason
    82'
    Spurs make another change as Mason is brought on for Alli. The visitors really have no one but themselves to blame for their current precarious situation, as they had the chances to put this match beyond Arsenal in the second half. Now, all the momentum is on the Gunners' side.
    80'
    OVER THE BAR NARROWLY! From an Arsenal corner, Giroud slams a volley from the top of the box, and it roars just over the top of the crossbar! The Frenchman then implores the fans to turn up the volume to a fever pitch as the Gunners seek the go-ahead goal!
    78'
    Arsenal are really feeling it now! The ball falls for Gibbs at the back post again, but the sprawling figure of Lloris has just about prevented him from getting the finish in! Wenger has also introduced Arteta as his final substitution, as Debuchy picked up a knock and was unable to continue.
    77'
    SubstitutionMathieu Debuchy Mikel Arteta
    77'
    Assist Mesut Özil
    77'
    Goal Kieran Gibbs
    GIBBS HAS DONE IT! ARSENAL ARE LEVEL! My word, what an impact! A magnificent ball in from the right by Ozil is bent towards the far post, where the substitute storms in on Walker and just about manages to get the ball over the line!
    76'
    GIBBS GOES CLOSE! Tottenham fail to clear the ball and Ozil plays a pass into the full-back, who storms into the heart of the area. However, his first touch is lacking from close range and he can't get a shot away on goal! In the midst of the drama, Spurs have brought on Son for Lamela.
    75'
    SubstitutionErik Lamela Heung-Min Son
    74'
    SubstitutionJ. Campbell Kieran Gibbs
    74'
    Second substitution of the game from Wenger, who replaces the rather ineffective Campbell with Gibbs. It's supposed to be an attacking chance even with a defender coming on for a forward. Arsenal simply don't have the offensive options on the bench, and will push the England left-back into a role further forward in the hopes that his pace will make something happen.
    72'
    CECH WITH A TREMENDOUS SAVE! From a Tottenham corner, Eriksen clips it right into the six-yard area where Alderweireld beats his man with a header, only to see the keeper push it away from point-blank range! How much closer will Spurs get in the second half?
    70'
    Twenty minutes plus stoppage time left here at the Emirates, and it looks far more likely to see a second Spurs goal than an Arsenal equaliser. Lamela clips a terrific cross into the heart of the area that is really well-defended by Koscielny under pressure from Kane.
    68'
    A Tottenham corner breaks down at the top of the box and Arsenal might have had a chance on the counter attack. Coquelin spreads it succinctly to Sanchez down the right, but Walker comes in with a crucial sliding challenge to stop the Chilean from getting the crucial touch that would have seen him burst into the clear.
    66'
    Spurs are running things at the moment as Kane suddenly drills a snap-shot towards goal that whistles the wrong side of the post. They're looking really dangerous at the moment, and Debuchy has to stick in a vital challenge on Lamela to prevent the Argentine from having a one-on-one with Cech! The visitors always have a chance with this discombobulated Gunners defence - what is going on with them?
    64'
    Walker does excellently to win the ball down the right against Monreal, and he cuts it back intelligently to Eriksen at the top of the box. The Dane hits it first time from that position, but it's beaten away by Cech. Alli picks up the pieces at the back post with a first-time volley, but slashes it well over the bar. That was a close call!
    62'
    To Arsenal's credit, they have dominated this second period and have created three solid chances to score - albeit two from set-piece scenarios. Spurs have shown little attacking intent, with their only forays forward coming from the occasional Arsenal slip-up in midfield and defence.
    60'
    GIROUD SHOULD SCORE! Ozil comes up with the goods again from a dead-ball scenario, whipping in a delicious corner into the heart of the area that Giroud attacks on the six-yard line with another header, but he glances it wide of the target! That was borderline inexcusable from that range!
    58'
    Arsenal are definitely play with a little more urgency in the second period. It would be the perfect time for an attacking change - but there's no real options on the bench for the hosts. It's a mini-injury crisis for Arsenal, but that's nothing new for them and remember, Wenger was the only manager in Europe not to sign an outfield player last summer. If there is to be a breakthrough for them, it will have to come from the players on the pitch, you feel.
    56'
    Lamela has been yellow-carded here for a meaty challenge on Campbell. It's the first booking of this game, but judging by the smouldering atmosphere in the second half, it definitely won't be the last. Lamela, by the way, is suspended now for the West Ham game after the international break with his fifth caution of the league season.
    55'
    Yellow Card Erik Lamela
    55'
    OFF THE BAR! Dembele fouls Campbell and Arsenal have a free-kick. It's whipped into the heart of the area by Ozil, Lloris stays on his line and that allows Giroud the chance to motor in and power a header onto the woodwork! He beats the turf in frustration - that should have been 1-1!
    53'
    ERIKSEN GOES VERY CLOSE! A simple one-two with Kane down the right-hand side sees the Denmark international stride through an unforgivable gap and he lashes one on goal almost instantly. A deflection takes it within a whisker of the far corner!
    51'
    For such a large man, Mertesacker really has poor balance and gets out-muscled far too easily. He's battling for the ball with Alli and just when he seemed to win it, the Spurs midfielder muscles back into contention in what looked like a legal manner. However, the German goes to ground and the referee deems it a free-kick.
    49'
    CHANCE FOR CAMPBELL! A decoy run from Sanchez opens up an inch of space for the Costa Rican at the top of the box as he cuts infield. He lets fly on his favoured left foot, and it appears to be heading for the bottom corner, but Lloris makes a sprawling save!
    48'
    One change to round up from the half-time break as Wenger chooses to pull Cazorla and introduce Flamini in a midfield swap. No surprises there, as the Spaniard endured a torrid first half, giving the ball away regularly and losing many of his battles with his Spurs counterparts.
    46'
    SubstitutionSanti Cazorla Mathieu Flamini
    46'
    Here we go again!
    Harry Kane has given Spurs the advantage at the half-time break, taking advantage of a defensive breakdown to slot the visitors in front. It was a first half that promised much with the tempo of play, but ultimately delivered little in terms of goalmouth action. Arsenal have plenty of work to do to sort out their stagnant attack, especially with a lack of game-changing options in the bench. Still a whole lot of football to be played though, so stay tuned.
    45' + 1'
    Into the lone minute of injury time here and there's another giveaway by Arsenal as Monreal hesitates on a long ball over the top. However, it's too far away from Cech for Spurs to profit. It looks like we'll be entering the half-time break with just the one goal.
    44'
    CECH CALLED INTO ACTION! Tottenham overload down the centre on an attack, and there's an opening for Kane, who storms into the box and drills a stinger on goal. However, the angle is such that you would expect the veteran goalkeeper to save it, which he does, parrying away from goal.
    42'
    Tottenham are just focused on closing this half out now with their one-goal lead intact. The visiting side have countered well, but aren't so focused on getting the ball upfield or playing risky passes now. Pochettino will be very pleased with their exploits in the opening period.
    40'
    A scintillating move from Arsenal sees them move the ball rapidly from left to right. Cazorla slips in Campbell down the near side, and the forward pings a dangerous ball into the six-yard area for Sanchez, who can't turn it towards goal before the offside flag halts the move in its tracks.
    38'
    Replays show the incident between Giroud and Vertonghen. There was a fair bit of wrestling and shirt-pulling between the pair, and the Frenchman is the first to go down in that scuffle. He gets up and has a tiny shove for the Belgian, who follows suit by falling to the turf. Quite right by the referee to let that little derby fire run its natural course.
    36'
    Arsenal are wounded now - and are right back in the Tottenham defensive third to try to get back into the match. There is an incident in the penalty area as Giroud goes down in a huff, but the referee is decidedly unmoved even as the home fans bay for blood.
    34'
    That was extremely poor from Mertesacker, who seemed to forget that he has the pace of an 18-wheeler as he got sucked high up the field towards Eriksen - who wasn't even involved in that play. That left Koscielny with too much ground to cover to get to Kane before he finished - but the Frenchman himself should have spotted and reacted to that gap much quicker.
    32'
    Assist Danny Rose
    32'
    Goal Harry Kane
    HARRY KANE HAS STUNNED THE EMIRATES! It's a simple goal for Spurs in the end. A long ball over the top from Rose catches Kane in between Mertesacker and Koscielny, and the striker has all the time in the world to bend a finish into the far side. At the risk of blurring the lines, that was Henry-esque.
    31'
    It's just not clicking for Arsenal at the moment as Ozil and Cazorla attempt an aerial one-two after a throw-in down the right-hand side, with the Spaniard heading the ball right into the feet of Rose. Moments before, a heavy pass from the German was too much for Giroud to control in stride.
    30'
    Half-hour gone and no goals here in the North London derby. It's definitely Tottenham in the ascendancy though, with Arsenal forced into a considerable period of defending over the last five minutes or so. Still, neither goalkeeper has been tested as yet.
    29'
    Lamela looks to be away for one second after Mertesacker sells Monreal short with a pass. The Argentine has the speed, but the Arsenal left-back does excellently to keep tabs on him and stick in a vital toe to nip the ball away and recover possession for the hosts.
    27'
    Tottenham are growing into this game with every passing minute. Arsenal, even during their strong earlier spell, showed a propensity to give the ball away in dangerous areas, and now, the visitors have figured out a way to make them worry more about their mistakes.
    25'
    CHANCE FOR SPURS! Arsenal cough up another sloppy free-kick in their own half, and Eriksen whips in a teaser to the back post. To Coquelin's fury, no Arsenal player picks up Dier at the back post, and the midfielder gets a free header which he places wide of the mark!
    23'
    Rose is down on the deck after an aerial challenge with Campbell down the right. Arsenal put the ball out of play and soon after, the defender is back on his feet. The home fans weren't happy with their team having to disrupt their sequence on the ball for the apparent injury.
    21'
    With the right-footed pair of Sanchez and Ozil linking well and cutting in regularly down the left-hand side, Arsenal have found their primary route of attack. To be fair to Spurs, they haven't often let the Gunners get to the byline, but a characteristic of Arsenal's play is the disguised ball to find the late, overlapping runner after the initial player on the ball had cut infield.
    19'
    Kane holds the ball up well against Mertesacker, and finds the supporting Dembele. The Belgian lets fly from the edge of the box, but a deflection sees it out for a corner. From the resulting delivery, Eriksen lets the short ball run across his body and he attempts a spectacular curler for the far corner, but misses the target comfortably in the end.
    17'
    There's been one or two really enticing crosses from Arsenal this afternoon, with Sanchez whipping in the latest threat via an inswinger from the left flank. However, Spurs have dealt with the danger well, and Vertonghen wins a crucial header against Giroud on that play.
    15'
    The ball nearly drops kindly for Kane, but Koscielny shows great pace to get in front of the striker and play it back for Cech to deal with. Moments later, Spurs attack again, and Dembele - who has made a good start to this match - just about fails to get something going down the right.
    13'
    You get the sense that Campbell is a bit of a weak link in the Arsenal attack. The Costa Rica forward is a talent, no doubt, but he doesn't have the familiarity with the system that Ozil, Giroud, Sanchez and Cazorla have built up over time. Still, he's got a cracker of a left foot when he's ready.
    11'
    There's just a scent of goals in the air this fall afternoon. It's been an incredibly open game, with Arsenal looking set to put on a show for their expectant fans, who want a considerable response to the demoralising 5-1 loss to Bayern Munich midweek in the Champions League.
    9'
    The ball has mainly been concentrated in the Tottenham half since the first two minutes. The visitors are careful not to play too high of a defensive line, as Sanchez and Campbell have plenty of pace to latch onto any flicks from Giroud, or through passes from Cazorla and Ozil.
    7'
    Ozil weighs up his options near the edge of the area and decides to hoist a lovely ball over the top for Campbell on the right side. Unfortunately, it spun towards his much weaker right foot, and the Costa Rican could not keep the ball from sneaking over the byline.
    5'
    Incredibly open start to this game as Dembele lays the ball off to Eriksen at the top of the box, but he's challenged by Cazorla and Coquelin, with the former leading the charge for Arsenal on the break. He slides a lovely pass through to Sanchez on the left, who then cuts back to Giroud at the top of the box, but the Frenchman's layoff is not thought out properly and easily intercepted.
    3'
    In case you haven't been paying attention, Aston Villa held Manchester City to a stalemate, meaning that Arsenal can go two points clear at the top of the table with a win here, against a side that were in action on Monday and Thursday this week.
    1'
    Off we go!
    Mauricio Pochettino makes three changes to his side from their Europa League win over Anderlecht, trotting out the same team that beat Aston Villa last time out in the Premier League. Moussa Dembele, Danny Rose and Kyle Walker bench Ryan Mason, Ben Davies and Kieran Trippier for the visitors after the latter trio were in the XI midweek.
    Laurent Koscielny was badly missed by Arsenal during their heavy defeat to Bayern Munich midweek, but he's been passed fit, and pairs Per Mertesacker in defence. The France defender is the only change in Arsene Wenger's XI from that match, as he replaces Gabriel. Assist-king Mesu Ozil starts behind Olivier Giroud, with Alexis Sanchez and Joel Campbell providing the support from out wide, while Santi Cazorla is in a deeper midfield role.
    Tottenham subs: Vorm, Mason, Son, Trippier, Onomah, Carroll, Davies.
    Tottenham (4-2-3-1): Lloris; Walker, Alderweireld, Vertonghen, Rose; Dier, Alli; Lamela, Dembele, Eriksen; Kane.
    Arsenal subs: Ospina, Gibbs, Gabriel, Arteta, Flamini, Chambers, Iwobi.
    Arsenal (4-2-3-1): Cech; Debuchy, Mertesacker, Koscielny, Monreal; Coquelin, Cazorla; Campbell, Ozil, Sanchez; Giroud.
    Spurs have won just once in their last 22 visits to play Arsenal, with 13 defeats in that stretch. That match was a 3-2 win in 2010, where the Gunners threw away the game by surrendering a two-goal advantage. However, Tottenham lost only two of their last 10 matches away from White Hart Lane in the league - but face a team that have taken 13 W's from their previous 18 outings at tonight's venue.
    Spurs themselves are on a fine run of form in the league. After losing their opening-day fixture against Manchester United, they have gone unbeaten in the top flight, including winning five of their last seven games. They also sit atop their Europa League group after the opening four matchdays, with seven points, one ahead of second-place Monaco. Both teams are flying high in the Premier League, making this one even more of a must-see than usual.
    Arsenal have been knocked out of the League Cup already, while they face a monumental struggle to qualify from their Champions League group after winning only one of their first four matches. But whatever their form elsewhere, in the Premier League, the Gunners have been on fire. They sit level with league-leading Manchester City on 25 points and, along with Manchester United, boast the division's best defence with only eight goals conceded from 11 games.
    Hello and welcome to our live coverage of the North London derby between Arsenal and Tottenham at the Emirates Stadium! One of the Premier League's signature rivalries takes centre stage this Sunday, as the Gunners look to continue their impressive start to the domestic season against their neighbours, who are five points behind them. I'm Keeghann Sinanan, your guide for all the action.

