90.6
Let's hope the players will show us more in the future games as the today's one has been rather ordinary , without a lot of exciting moments .
We have witnessed a quite balanced game .
To keep the ball for as long as possible and to put the opponent out of the game but not to lose possession , that was the strategy of the home side .
The visiting side focused more on the defence and to catch the opponent on the break .
90.6
Martin Atkinson is looking at his watch and ends this match right now .
90.5
Adrian ( West Ham ) pulls off a great save to deny Alexis Sanchez ( Arsenal ) who makes himself some space inside the box and unleashes a quick low drive towards the middle of the goal .
90.5
Modibo Maiga ( West Ham ) acted too fiercely in his attempt to get the ball from his opponent and Martin Atkinson calls for a foul .
90.3
Excellent touch by Alexis Sanchez ( Arsenal ) !
He latches on to a precious pass deep into the box and produces a low drive towards the right post .
The goalkeeper pulls off a beautiful save and denies his attempt .
90.3
Theo Walcott ( Arsenal ) swings a cross into the box , but is far too close to Adrian ( West Ham ) , who smothers the ball .
90.1
Modibo Maiga ( West Ham ) gets into a good scoring opportunity .
He creates himself some space and tries his luck from distance , aiming to the middle of the goal .
His decent effort is denied by Petr Cech ( Arsenal ) .
90
5 additional min. will be played .
90
Modibo Maiga ( West Ham ) joins the action as a substitute , replacing Diafra Sakho ( West Ham ) .
89
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain ( Arsenal ) plays a pass to Olivier Giroud ( Arsenal ) , but he ca n't take a proper shot from inside the box as the ball goes high over the bar .
89
The attendance is 59996 .
89
Aaron Ramsey ( Arsenal ) sends a pass into the box , but the opposition's defence is alert to the danger and makes a clearance .
89
Dimitri Payet ( West Ham ) executes the corner kick with a short exchange .
88
Diafra Sakho ( West Ham ) looks to break free , but an opposing player clears .
West Ham have been awarded a corner kick .
87
Dimitri Payet ( West Ham ) does n't send a cross into the box from the corner .
He passes the ball to his teammate next to him .
86
The free kick from long range , taken by West Ham , is intercepted by one of the defenders .
Corner kick .
West Ham will have an opportunity .
85
Martin Atkinson blows the whistle , Mesut Ozil ( Arsenal ) is penalised for a foul .
85
Santi Cazorla ( Arsenal ) wastes a promising opportunity as he produces a goal-bound effort from the edge of the box .
Adrian ( West Ham ) makes a save to stop the ball which was aimed towards the middle of the goal .
84
Arsenal display good ball movement .
They are waiting for some opportunity to get in a chance , but now the attack is averted .
82
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain ( Arsenal ) receives a precise pass on the edge of the box and releases a promising effort .
Unfortunately for him , his strike flies painfully close to the right post .
82
Theo Walcott ( Arsenal ) is first to the rebound but his shot is blocked .
Wow , what an escape there for the opposition .
81
Diafra Sakho ( West Ham ) darts into the penalty area to latch on to a pass , and he unleashes a low drive towards the middle of the net , but Petr Cech ( Arsenal ) is alert and denies his effort .
79
Slaven Bilic has decided to substitute Reece Oxford ( West Ham ) and he is replaced by Kevin Nolan ( West Ham ) .
79
Nacho Monreal ( Arsenal ) sends a pass into the box , but his attempt is thwarted and cleared .
78
James Tomkins ( West Ham ) has n't suffered any serious injury which would n't allow him to stay on the pitch .
He's back in the game now .
78
Olivier Giroud ( Arsenal ) seems to be alright and is okay to carry on .
76
James Tomkins ( West Ham ) picked up an injury .
76
Olivier Giroud ( Arsenal ) is having a really harsh time now .
We are about to find out how serious his injury is .
74
Alexis Sanchez ( Arsenal ) slaloms his way past challenges , but an opposing player does well to get the ball away .
73
Not a big danger for the goalkeeper .
Alexis Sanchez ( Arsenal ) gets in a strike , but the shot is well blocked .
72
The ball is whipped in from the corner by Mesut Ozil ( Arsenal ) , but one of the defenders gets it clear .
71
Theo Walcott ( Arsenal ) blasts the ball from just outside the box , but his attempt is blocked by the defender .
Good work from Arsenal as they win a corner .
70
Mark Noble ( West Ham ) has picked up a minor injury , but it looks like he will be able to continue .
70
Looks like Mark Noble ( West Ham ) is struggling after picking up a knock .
We will see if he can run that off .
69
The referee shows the yellow card to Nacho Monreal ( Arsenal ) .
67
Substitution .
Mathieu Debuchy ( Arsenal ) is replaced by Alexis Sanchez ( Arsenal ) .
67
Mesut Ozil ( Arsenal ) releases Theo Walcott ( Arsenal ) with a precise pass and he attempts to finish , but is immediately surrounded by the defenders and loses the ball .
65
Olivier Giroud ( Arsenal ) finds himself some space around the penalty spot and leaps high to meet the free kick .
He tries to put his header low into the middle of the goal , but Adrian ( West Ham ) keeps it out .
64
Matthew Jarvis ( West Ham ) trips an opposition player , and Martin Atkinson signals a foul .
There is a free kick near the sideline to Arsenal .
63
Substitution .
Mauro Zarate ( West Ham ) makes way for Matthew Jarvis ( West Ham ) .
62
Olivier Giroud ( Arsenal ) and one of his opponents battle for the ball and Olivier Giroud ( Arsenal ) commits an attacking foul .
62
Theo Walcott ( Arsenal ) produces a dangerous lofted cross into the box which is intercepted .
61
Theo Walcott ( Arsenal ) quickly takes the corner kick with a short pass .
61
Theo Walcott ( Arsenal ) almost got himself in a promising opportunity , but the pass from Mesut Ozil ( Arsenal ) was intercepted by one of the defending players .
Arsenal win a corner .
58
The assistant referee's flag is up because Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain ( Arsenal ) did n't find the way to beat the offside trap .
58
Substitution .
Theo Walcott ( Arsenal ) receives a signal from the referee and is now allowed to enter the pitch as Francis Coquelin ( Arsenal ) walks off .
57
What a beauty from just outside the box !
Mauro Zarate ( West Ham ) lashed the ball with incredible pace and power into the bottom left corner of the goal .
57
Olivier Giroud ( Arsenal ) latches on to a precise pass and one-on-one with the keeper drills the ball towards the right post .
Adrian ( West Ham ) is alert , though , and leaps like a salmon to deny his attempt .
55
Olivier Giroud ( Arsenal ) makes a yard for himself inside the box after an accurate pass and takes a shot that goes just wide of the left post .
53
A pass from Olivier Giroud ( Arsenal ) is intercepted by Adrian ( West Ham ) and the move breaks down .
52
Olivier Giroud ( Arsenal ) pulls the jersey of one of the opposition players , and Martin Atkinson blows his whistle for a foul .
52
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain ( Arsenal ) connects with a pass but sees a shot from the edge of the box blocked .
51
Mauro Zarate ( West Ham ) produces a solo run , but he fails to create a chance as the opposition player cuts him out .
50
Arsenal are happy showing off their ball keeping skills and that is only interrupted when the defender steps in .
49
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain ( Arsenal ) sends a beautiful cross into the penalty area .
The opposition's defence manages to clear the ball to safety .
48
Olivier Giroud ( Arsenal ) attempts to find his teammate with a pass from outside the box , but the opposition's defence is quick to react and thwarts the attack .
47
West Ham are showing great team-chemistry .
They are passing the ball around seamlessly .
46
The referee blows for the second half of the match .
45.3
Well , a decent first half here .
It's certainly not boring , but not the best match either .
We ca n't see either of the teams enjoying any significant control of the game .
The home side have dominated the possesion and midfield so far .
The visitors have spent most of their time defending and waiting for the correct moment to launch the counter-attack .
45.3
The match has reached half-time .
45.1
Mesut Ozil ( Arsenal ) picks up a pass inside the box and finds some space for a shot before unleashing a low drive goalwards , but one of the defending players blocks his effort .
45
Fourth official shows 2 min. of added time .
43
Perfectly executed free kick !
Dimitri Payet ( West Ham ) sends the ball in , Cheikhou Kouyate ( West Ham ) manages to jump highest near the penalty spot and plants a cracking header into the middle of the net .
It's 0:1 .
43
Aaron Ramsey ( Arsenal ) with a rough challenge , Martin Atkinson blows his whistle for a foul .
42
Olivier Giroud ( Arsenal ) times his run too early , and the assistant referee raises his flag , offside .
The opposition will take an indirect free kick .
40
Aaron Ramsey ( Arsenal ) creates a yard of space for himself and tries an efort from the edge of the box , but it is going just wide of the left post .
38
Santi Cazorla ( Arsenal ) stands over the free kick and it is him who takes it , but it is straight at Adrian ( West Ham ) .
37
Martin Atkinson shows a yellow card to James Tomkins ( West Ham ) who ca n't be surprised because his tackle was really hard .
Arsenal earn a free kick which can lead to a goal-scoring opportunity .
37
Mauro Zarate ( West Ham ) gets to the ball on the edge of the box after the corner , and he unleashes a shot which flies well wide of the right post .
36
Dimitri Payet ( West Ham ) produces a shot from a very promising position outside the penalty area , but it was only blocked by a self-sacrificing defender .
West Ham get a chance to score from a corner kick .
36
This corner kick is taken with a short pass by Dimitri Payet ( West Ham ) .
34
Per Mertesacker ( Arsenal ) peeled away from his marker and got on the end of the corner , but his fine header directed towards the goal is brilliantly saved by the goalkeeper .
33
There's an opportunity for Mesut Ozil ( Arsenal ) to deliver the ball into the box from a corner .
33
The defence is alert as they clear a dangerous cross from Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain ( Arsenal ) .
The ball goes out-of-play .
Arsenal are awarded a corner kick .
32
Santi Cazorla ( Arsenal ) takes the corner kick and sends a lovely ball into the penalty area , but the opposition's defence is ready and knocks the ball to safety .
31
Aaron Ramsey ( Arsenal ) tries his luck with a shot from the edge of the box , but the ball crashes against the crossbar !
It would have been a superb goal .
30
Martin Atkinson blows the whistle .
Mesut Ozil ( Arsenal ) committed a foul when he hit the opponent's legs instead of the ball .
29
Diafra Sakho ( West Ham ) misses the target from a promising position , sending the ball way wide of the left post .
28
Santi Cazorla ( Arsenal ) comes close to scoring .
He peels away from his marker and gets on the end of a cross from Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain ( Arsenal ) , but he hits a shot just over the crossbar .
27
Mathieu Debuchy ( Arsenal ) makes a harsh challenge and Martin Atkinson calls for a foul .
26
Francis Coquelin ( Arsenal ) whips the ball into the box and Olivier Giroud ( Arsenal ) takes a perfect touch to control it , but one of the defenders does well to intercept .
26
Attempted cross from Mathieu Debuchy ( Arsenal ) is cleared .
25
Mesut Ozil ( Arsenal ) attempts to release Aaron Ramsey ( Arsenal ) with a through ball , but his effort is thwarted by one of the defending players .
24
The free kick from Santi Cazorla ( Arsenal ) did n't bring any scoring opportunity , one of the defenders did a good job and knocked it out .
23
James Tomkins ( West Ham ) was trying to get to the ball but hit the legs of the opponent as well .
Martin Atkinson blows the whistle for infingement .
Arsenal will take a free kick nearby the side line .
23
Laurent Koscielny ( Arsenal ) displays his superb technique and picks out Olivier Giroud ( Arsenal ) with a fine lofted pass , who can continue with attack .
22
Mathieu Debuchy ( Arsenal ) sends a cross into the box , but Adrian ( West Ham ) comes off his line to gather the ball .
20
Diafra Sakho ( West Ham ) receives a sweet cross inside the box from Dimitri Payet ( West Ham ) , but one of the defending players rushed bravely to intercept the move .
19
Dimitri Payet ( West Ham ) whips in the resulting set piece which has been cleared .
19
Aaron Ramsey ( Arsenal ) makes a foul .
At least that's what referee Martin Atkinson signals .
West Ham get a free kick .
18
Aaron Cresswell ( West Ham ) hammers the ball from far out , but his shot is blocked by an opposition player .
17
Francis Coquelin ( Arsenal ) produces a long ball across the pitch to find his teammate , but he fails .
The ball is behind the sideline and West Ham will take a throw-in .
16
The ball is cleared after Diafra Sakho ( West Ham ) attempted to dribble past an opposing player .
16
Aaron Cresswell ( West Ham ) comes up with a challenge to deprive his opponent of the ball .
However , the referee calls for a foul and blows his whistle .
He's not happy with the decision .
Arsenal take the free kick with a short pass .
15
Per Mertesacker ( Arsenal ) was offside , and the assistant referee saw it and raised his flag .
14
Martin Atkinson has a clear vision and sees a foul from Mauro Zarate ( West Ham ) .
14
Nacho Monreal ( Arsenal ) tries to send a pass but it's blocked .
12
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain ( Arsenal ) released a superb first-time shot from the edge of the box .
His effort flies narrowly wide of the left post .
11
Olivier Giroud ( Arsenal ) ca n't slip the ball through and the move breaks down .
9
Laurent Koscielny ( Arsenal ) misses a promising opportunity !
He rises for a cross and unleashes a poor header from near the penalty spot .
The ball floats high over the crossbar !
9
Mesut Ozil ( Arsenal ) takes a short corner kick .
9
Mesut Ozil ( Arsenal ) takes a mid-range free kick and the effort crashes into the defensive wall .
The ball is out-of-play .
Arsenal have been awarded a corner kick .
7
Arsenal players perform combination football , attempting to create a goal-scoring opportunity , but they will have to wait for that as they has just lost possession due to an inaccurate pass .
The assistant referee signals a throw-in for West Ham .
7
Angelo Ogbonna ( West Ham ) sees a yellow card from Martin Atkinson after he sent one of the opposing players to the ground .
Arsenal are awarded a free kick from a dangerous position .
6
Santi Cazorla ( Arsenal ) races towards goal but the defender gets back well to make a challenge .
6
A quickly taken pass from a free kick by Arsenal .
5
Today's referee Martin Atkinson rightly decides to book Mark Noble ( West Ham ) for his harsh tackle .
4
One of the players from West Ham times his run too early , and the referee blows his whistle for offside .
3
Dimitri Payet ( West Ham ) takes the corner which is cleared by the opposition's defence .
3
Cheikhou Kouyate ( West Ham ) did n't find any of his teammates inside the box as his pass was blocked .
The main referee points to the corner flag , West Ham will take a corner .
1
Mathieu Debuchy ( Arsenal ) tries to find Aaron Ramsey ( Arsenal ) , but he put too much power on that pass .
The ball goes out-of-play and West Ham will have a goal kick .
1
Today's match has just started , enjoy yourself !
The Arsenal players will kick-off .
