90.6
THERE IT IS ! 
The referee blows the final whistle - what a start for West Ham !
90.5
BETTER EFFORT ! 
Sanchez tries his luck again but puts his foot through this effort . 
Nevertheless , Adrian is once again equal to the shot as he looks for the clean sheet .
90.3
NO POWER IN THE SHOT ! 
The hosts flock forward with Sanchez finding some space and cutting into the area , but his shot is far too tame and easily collected by Adrian .
90.2
Arsenal have played fairly well overall but have been severely lacking in creativity . 
West Ham are finding it far too easy to deal with their attacks .
90
Substitution Diafra Sakho Modibo Maiga
90
Presumably because of the head injuries , we are going to have five minutes of stoppage time here . 
Can Arsenal respond ?

89
NOT GIROUD'S DAY ! 
Oxlade-Chamberlain receives the ball on the right hand side and delivers a cross to his striker who peels towards the near post , but cannot scoop his effort on target .
87
This is a big season for the Hammers . 
They appear to have established themselves in the Premier League , but now need to really kick on and push up the table .
85
West Ham have been superb this afternoon . 
They have defended absolutely beautifully and kept the ball very well . 
The Arsenal fans have seen enough and are already heading for the exits .
83
In playing today , Nolan becomes the 31st player to reach 400 appearances in the Premier League . 
He is also currently sitting on 99 career league goals . 
The Emirates would n't be a bad place to complete the century .
81
SIDE NETTING ! 
Arsenal push forward in search of a way back into this game . 
The ball eventually falls to Oxlade-Chamberlain , whose powerful shot just goes the wrong side of the post .
79
Substitution Reece Oxford Kevin Nolan
79
West Ham make a change and Oxford is given a rest after a very impressive display this afternoon . 
He is replaced by Kevin Nolan , who comes on for his 400th Premier League appearance .
78
Well , the medical teams seem to think otherwise as both players are thrown back into the action . 
West Ham have 12 minutes to hold out for an impressive victory .
76
Thankfully , both players are back on their feet and hobbling off to the sidelines . 
It would n't be wise to put them back on the pitch , though , after that .
74
NOT GOOD ! 
There is real concern for both sides as both Tomkins and Giroud are in need of instant medical attention after a severe clash of heads in the West Ham area .
72
CECH SPARES KOSCIELNY'S BLUSHES ! 
The centre-half has not been at his best today and he almost gifts West Ham a third goal by heading back towards his goalkeeper with Sakho waiting to pounce . 
Cech is alert , though , and gathers .
71
Walcott gets his first real chance to stretch his legs and he runs at the West Ham defence , before his shot takes a deflection and goes behind for a corner .
69
Yellow Card Monreal
69
Sanchez only returned to the squad this week following his exploits with Chile at the Copa America and Wenger said before the game that he would only be used if needed . 
That is very much the case as we approach the final 20 minutes .
67
Substitution Mathieu Debuchy Alexis Sanchez
67
A very attacking change from Arsenal but it is very necessary in these circumstances , as Wenger introduces Alexis Sanchez to try and change the game . 
Debuchy is the player to make way .
65
Giroud is surrounded by three players in the area but gets his head to Cazorla's free kick . 
It is straight at Adrian , though , who has been fairly solid on the whole .
63
Substitution Mauro Zarate Matt Jarvis
63
Arsenal have wasted no time in bringing on Theo Walcott since going two down . 
His pace could prove vital in the latter stages of this game as West Ham begin to tire .
61
West Ham are renowned for historic victories over Arsenal . 
Who could forget the 1980 FA Cup final ?
 Then they were the last team to beat the Gunners at Highbury , before becoming the first to overcome them at the Emirates .
59
'I'm forever blowing bubbles' rings out around the Emirates . 
West Ham are in dreamland here . 
It is looking like playing an under-strength side in the Europa League has paid off for Bilic .
58
Substitution Francis Coquelin Theo Walcott
57
Goal Mauro Zarate
ARSENAL ARE STUNNED - IT'S TWO FOR WEST HAM !! 
! 
Zarate dispossesses Oxlade-Chamberlain on the edge of the area and his early shot catches Cech off-guard and skids into the corner .
56
Giroud tries again with a drilled effort from 25 yards but Adrian holds . 
He has scored five goals in his last five league games against West Ham - four of them have come at the Emirates .
55
SIDE NETTING ! 
Giroud comes to the near post to meet Ozil's cross and gets his shot away , but cannot quite steer it inside and beyond Adrian .
54
Very coolly done by Payet ! 
He is surrounded by two Arsenal players 25 yards from his own goal , but neatly turns away from them and the West Ham fans are hugely impressed by their new man .
52
NERVY FROM ADRIAN ! 
He can only parry a cross from the Arsenal left but quickly recovers to gather the ball before any of the Gunners can react .
50
In today's other 1:30pm kick-off , Newcastle have come from a goal behind against Southampton at St James' Park and now lead 2-1 thanks to Georginio Wijnaldum .
48
Interestingly , the last time these two sides met on the opening day of a season was in the 1996/97 campaign - Bilic played in that game and Wenger took charge of Arsenal a couple of months later .
46
KICK OFF ! 
And away we go , West Ham kick things off once more .
The teams are back out and the second half is imminent .
Arsenal looked sharp during that first half but were made to pay for not making the most of the opportunities they created . 
Wenger will be encouraging them to be more clinical after the break .
Bilic will be delighted with his side at the break . 
Although their goal was against the run of play , they have held their own during that first half and kept Arsenal at bay .
HALF TIME: ARSENAL 0-1 WEST HAM UNITED
45.2
Arsenal look rattled as the referee blows for half time .
45
The fourth official raises his board to indicate that their will be two additional minutes at the end of this first half .
43
Assist Dimitri Payet
43
Goal Cheikhou Kouyaté
THAT WAS n't IN THE SCRIPT !! 
! 
The Hammers lead as Kouyate beats Cech to Payet's free-kick delivery and heads the visitors into the lead . 
Great determination by Kouyate but question marks will be raised about the goalkeeping .
42
GOOD SAVE , ADRIAN ! 
More neat play from the Gunners sees Giroud get in behind the defence , but the West Ham keeper is quickly out to deny him . 
The offside flag had already been raised .
40
The hosts are starting to get on top here . 
They are creating plenty of opportunities and West Ham are struggling to get out of their own half as we approach the half-time whistle .
38
GOOD PUNCH FROM ADRIAN ! 
Cazorla delivers a fierce ball into the crowded penalty area , but the West Ham keeper shows great reactions to clear the danger .
37
Yellow Card James Tomkins
37
Arsenal just seem too quick for West Ham , who receive their third yellow card of this game as Tomkins has his name taken by Mr Atkinson for a foul on Monreal .
36
GOOD PLAY BY PAYET ! 
West Ham's new signing embarks on a jinking run to the edge of the area , before a slight deflection takes his eventual shot just over the bar .
33
Adrian gets lucky as he comes a long way out of goal but misses Ozil's corner . 
Fortunately , his size plays to his advantage as Mertesacker cannot head past him and he gratefully smothers the ball .
31
OFF THE BAR ! 
The ball drops kindly for Ramsey on the volley and his effort takes a huge deflection off Cresswell , before a scrambling Adrian has to watch it all the way onto the woodwork .
30
Half an hour gone at the Emirates and although Arsenal may have enjoyed more time on the ball , West Ham have more than held their own so far but need to offer a bit more going forward .
28
Oxlade-Chamberlain picks the ball up in his own half and cleverly evades two challenges before embarking on a powerful run . 
His eventual cross reaches Cazorla whose effort from a tight angle loops just over the bar .
26
GOOD BLOCK ! 
Some slack play from Zarate is pounced on by Coquelin . 
He delivers a cross for Giroud who controls on his chest , but his shot is charged down by wonderful defending from Ogbonna .
24
As previously mentioned , our man in the middle today is Martin Atkinson . 
He took charge of West Ham's 2-0 defeat at Newcastle on the final day of last season , as well as Arsenal's 2-1 FA Cup semi-final victory over Reading .
22
Arsenal's opening day form is rather indifferent over the years . 
They have only lost once in their last 14 matches , but won just one of their last five .
20
Good play from Payet down the left hand side as he works hard to keep the ball in and deliver a cross which is met by Sakho , but Koscielny is tight and prevents him from making clean contact .
18
This is a big day for 16-year-old Oxford . 
West Ham are famous for the names that have come through their academy - Lampard , Ferdinand , Carrick , Joe Cole etc . 
He will be hoping to join that elite club .
16
WHY DID N'T SAKHO PASS ?
 Oxford wins the ball in midfield and lays it off for his striker to run at the defence , but Sakho opts to go alone rather than play the return pass to his team mate and Arsenal clear .
14
JUST WIDE ! 
Cazorla's free kick is flicked on and Koscielny is unmarked by the penalty spot , but he cannot direct his header on target . 
The offside flag was raised anyway , though , so it would n't have counted .
13
Arsenal are looking sharp at the start of this season . 
They are very quick on the ball and always look dangerous . 
Will this be the year that they get their hands on the Premier League trophy ?

11
GREAT EFFORT BY OXLADE-CHAMBERLAIN ! 
Reid clears a cross from the left straight to the England international , whose 25-yard volley dips just over the crossbar .
9
The last thing West Ham will want is more red cards . 
They have already been shown three this season in the Europa League - Diafra Sakho , James Tomkins and James Collins the recipients .
7
Yellow Card Angelo Ogbonna
7
Ogbonna now has his name taken by Martin Atkinson for a similar challenge on Oxlade-Chamberlain to what Noble did on Coquelin . 
They both need to tread carefully for the next 83 minutes !
5
Yellow Card Mark Noble
5
Noble picks up the first yellow card of the game after a foul on Coquelin . 
He slipped and had to quickly make up for his error resulting in the late challenge .
3
Arsenal will fancy their chances today; they have won each of the last 10 meetings . 
You have to go back to the first ever showdown between the sides at the Emirates for West Ham’s last win . 
That was back in the 2006/07 season on their way to completing the Great Escape .
1
KICK OFF ! 
The referee blows his whistle and Arsenal get us underway !
