90.5
The game has n't been extremely attractive , but it has n't been totally boring either .There have been a few nice movements on both sides .The control of the game belonged to the visitors .Long balls and crosses were the strongest weapons of the home team .Players of the away team presented themselves with possession football .
90.5
That's all for today because the game is over .
90.4
Alexis Sanchez ( Arsenal ) produces a stunning solo run from the middle of the pitch , all the way to the penalty area .He unleashes a decent strike which goes narrowly wide of the right post .The ball is out of the pitch and it 's a goal kick for Hull City .
90.2
A big opportunity missed by Theo Walcott ( Arsenal ) .He got on the ball inside the box and thumped a splendid first-time shot on goal , but it went narrowly wide of the right post .
90.2
Jack Wilshere ( Arsenal ) receives a good pass just outside the box , unleashes a strike from a promising position , but the shot is thwarted by the defender .
90.2
Flag up against Robbie Brady ( Hull City ) .He had space to move into behind the defence , but he went too soon .
90
We will have 4 min. of added time .
89
Mesut Ozil ( Arsenal ) takes a short corner kick .
89
Theo Walcott ( Arsenal ) is trying to get into the box .He sends a low pass , but it 's blocked and cleared .It will be a corner kick for Arsenal .
88
The attendance for today's match is 23628 .
88
Jack Wilshere ( Arsenal ) skips past his man but ca n't keep the ball in play .The ball goes out-of-play and Hull City will have a goal kick .
86
That will be all from Olivier Giroud ( Arsenal ) who is being replaced by the fresh legs of Theo Walcott ( Arsenal ) .
86
Jack Wilshere ( Arsenal ) is first to the rebound but his shot is blocked .Wow , what an escape there for the opposition .
85
Hector Bellerin ( Arsenal ) had a golden opportunity as he fired from point blank range .His volley was directed towards the middle of the goal , but Steve Harper ( Hull City ) was alert and made an amazing save !
83
Dame N'Doye ( Hull City ) serves in a nice cross , but the defence clear the danger .
81
Here comes a substitution .Stephen Quinn ( Hull City ) is given a rest as he is replaced by Nikica Jelavic ( Hull City ) .
81
Mesut Ozil ( Arsenal ) takes the corner but fails to find any of his teammates .
81
The defence is alert as they clear a dangerous cross from Mesut Ozil ( Arsenal ) .Arsenal will take a corner kick .
81
Arsenal seem to be finding their feet as they enjoy some possession .They are waiting for the right moment to create new attacking opportunities .
80
An unsuccessful cross into the box by Andrew Robertson ( Hull City ) .The opponent's defence clears the ball away to safety .
79
A lofted cross from Andrew Robertson ( Hull City ) was unsuccessful as the opponent's defence quickly gets the ball out of the penalty area .
77
David Meyler ( Hull City ) sends a sweet pass into the penalty area , but one of the defenders averts the danger .
76
Ahmed Elmohamady ( Hull City ) produces a lovely ball into the penalty area but the defender manages to intercept and comfortably averts the danger .
75
It is unbelievable , Santi Cazorla ( Arsenal ) blows a huge opportunity ! He is totally unmarked and fires a first-time shot towards goal from a few yards out , but Steve Harper ( Hull City ) reacts superbly to keep the ball out .
75
Alexis Sanchez ( Arsenal ) picks up a long through ball , but Steve Harper ( Hull City ) deserves praise for a brilliant reaction and interception .
73
Mesut Ozil ( Arsenal ) sends in the corner , but he fails to find the head of any of his teamamtes , and the the defence makes a clearance .
73
David Meyler ( Hull City ) is moving again okay after that injury scare .
72
Alexis Sanchez ( Arsenal ) takes the resulting free kick from the edge of the box , but it was blocked by the players standing in the wall , saving the goalkeeper lot of effort .The ball goes out-of-play .Arsenal have been awarded a corner kick .
70
Break in play with David Meyler ( Hull City ) down injured .
70
A player from Hull City pulled an opponent down , making the referee blow the whistle .Arsenal earn a free kick which can lead to a goal-scoring opportunity .
69
Alexis Sanchez ( Arsenal ) bursts into the box , and latches on to a pin-point long through ball , but one of the defenders steps in to clear the ball to safety .
68
Here is a change .Aaron Ramsey ( Arsenal ) is going off and Arsene Wenger gives the last tactical orders to Jack Wilshere ( Arsenal ) .
65
We are about to witness a substitution .Andrew Robertson ( Hull City ) is replacing Sone Aluko ( Hull City ) .
65
Ambitious effort from Aaron Ramsey ( Arsenal ) as he finds himself in a great position after collecting a precise pass inside the penalty area and goes for goal , but it never troubles the goalkeeper and flies well over the bar .The ball is out of the pitch and it 's a goal kick for Hull City .
64
Alexis Sanchez ( Arsenal ) with a teasing cross into the area , but Steve Harper ( Hull City ) intercepts the ball .
63
The resulting corner from Santi Cazorla ( Arsenal ) is cleared by the defence .
63
Alexis Sanchez ( Arsenal ) receives a clever chip pass into a promising position .Nevertheless , the opponent's defence is alert and averts the danger with a brilliant clearance .The ball is out-of-play , and the assistant referee points at the corner flag .Arsenal will take it .
62
The Arsenal players are exchanging some short passes to open the opposition’s defence to hit them swiftly on the break .
60
Ahmed Elmohamady ( Hull City ) swings the cross over .Paul McShane ( Hull City ) gets his head to it but it goes just over the crossbar .
59
Stephen Quinn ( Hull City ) is writhing in pain , and play has been stopped for a few moments .
56
Stephen Quinn ( Hull City ) heads the ball inside the right post after a splendid cross .This timely header makes a wonderful moment .
56
Aaron Ramsey ( Arsenal ) makes a yard for himself inside the box after an accurate pass and takes a shot that goes just wide of the right post .The ball goes out-of-play and Hull City will have a goal kick .
55
Flag goes up against Dame N'Doye ( Hull City ) .The referee blows the whistle for offside .
54
Alexis Sanchez ( Arsenal ) attempts to feed Olivier Giroud ( Arsenal ) with a chip pass , but Steve Harper ( Hull City ) reacts well and comes off his line to intercept .
53
The ball is cleared after Hector Bellerin ( Arsenal ) attempted to dribble past an opposing player .
51
Some great controlled play and passing in the middle of the pitch from Arsenal .
51
A pass by Sone Aluko ( Hull City ) ends up in no man's land , and the attacking effort comes to an end .
49
Laurent Koscielny ( Arsenal ) carelessly plunged himself under the feet of his opponent and could n't expect to avoid punishment .This time , Lee Mason keeps the cards in his pocket , but he blows for the foul .
48
David Meyler ( Hull City ) tackles a bit over-zealously .Lee Mason blows for a foul .
47
Sone Aluko ( Hull City ) makes a yard for himself and goes for goal from long range .It never troubles the goalkeeper as it flies into the stands .The ball is out of the pitch and it 's a goal kick for Arsenal .
46
Steve Bruce makes a half-time substitution .David Meyler ( Hull City ) comes on in place of Jake Livermore ( Hull City ) .
46
After the half-time break we are back again .The players are back out on the pitch , and the second half is underway .
45.3
We are seeing a great game so far , let's hope the players will be able to sustain the level of attractiveness and keep entertaining the fans in such a fabulous way .The visiting team dominated the first half in most aspects of the game , but the hosts will surely attempt to turn the situation in their favour .The home team plays long-ball football unlike the away side which attempts to hold onto the ball for as long as possible .
45.3
The first half of today's match has just finished .
45.1
Goal ! Aaron Ramsey ( Arsenal ) displays great vision and sends a pass to Alexis Sanchez ( Arsenal ) , who shows brilliant composure inside the box to bury the ball from close range into the back of the net .The score is 0:3 .
45
Santi Cazorla ( Arsenal ) comes close to scoring .He connected with a pass inside the box , and he perhaps should have done better than direct his shot straight at Steve Harper ( Hull City ) .
44
What a sweet touch by Mesut Ozil ( Arsenal ) as he collects a pass deep into the box , and produces a low drive towards the middle of the net .The goalkeeper pulls off a reflex save and denies the attempt !
43
An offensive foul by Dame N'Doye ( Hull City ) was seen by Lee Mason who did n't hesitate to blow the whistle .
43
Arsenal control the tempo of the game as they are exchanging some accurate short passes .
41
Ahmed Elmohamady ( Hull City ) releases a low pass from just outside the box in an attempt to find his teammate , but one of the defenders calmly averts the threat .
40
The game is interrupted as Dame N'Doye ( Hull City ) is flagged for offside .
38
A pass from Dame N'Doye ( Hull City ) is intercepted by David Ospina ( Arsenal ) and the move breaks down .
38
Santi Cazorla ( Arsenal ) takes the corner and sends it into the penalty area , but the opposition's defence is ready and makes a good clearance .
37
Santi Cazorla ( Arsenal ) with a wonderful touch after collecting a pass inside the box .He steers his low drive towards the left post , but the keeper dives low to keep the ball out .The ball is out-of-play and Arsenal manage to earn a corner .
37
Good clearance ! Aaron Ramsey ( Arsenal ) received a low pass , but he did n't catch to do anything before quick stealing from one of the defenders .
36
Robbie Brady ( Hull City ) sends a beautiful cross into the penalty area .The opposition's defence manages to clear the ball to safety .
35
A clumsy foul by Olivier Giroud ( Arsenal ) and Lee Mason blows the whistle .
33
Goal ! ! Santi Cazorla ( Arsenal ) passes the ball to Aaron Ramsey ( Arsenal ) and he fires in a deflected shot from the edge of the box .Steve Harper ( Hull City ) could n't do anything about it .0:2 .
33
Robbie Brady ( Hull City ) plays in a hopeful cross , but it does n't find its way to any of the attacking players .
33
The Hull City players are exchanging some short passes .
32
Mesut Ozil ( Arsenal ) makes a harsh challenge and Lee Mason calls for a foul .
30
A yellow card for a tackle by Dame N'Doye ( Hull City ) .Lee Mason does n't hesitate at all to make this decision .
30
The resulting set piece , sent into the penalty area by Robbie Brady ( Hull City ) , was easily averted by one of the defenders .
28
Goal ! Free-kick is fired in by Alexis Sanchez ( Arsenal ) , which one of the opposition players flicks on , leaving Steve Harper ( Hull City ) stranded , and spins into the net .0:1 .
28
Tom Huddlestone ( Hull City ) was trying to get to the ball but hit the legs of the opponent as well .Lee Mason blows the whistle for infingement .Arsenal win a free kick .A promising situation for a direct shot .
27
A pass by Mesut Ozil ( Arsenal ) ends up in no man's land , and the attacking effort comes to an end .The ball has crossed the sideline .Hull City are taking a throw-in .
26
Aaron Ramsey ( Arsenal ) is able to continue to play .
25
Aaron Ramsey ( Arsenal ) is asking for medical treatment after suffering bruises from the previous challenge .
23
Jake Livermore ( Hull City ) ca n't expect anything else than a yellow card for his hard tackle .And a yellow it is .Lee Mason does n't think twice to pull it out of his pocket .
23
Dame N'Doye ( Hull City ) meets a cross inside the box , but his header is blocked by an opposing player .
22
Tom Huddlestone ( Hull City ) delivers a promising cross into the box , but one of the defending players wins the ball and averts the threat .
21
Dame N'Doye ( Hull City ) fails to find the target .The goalkeeper , rooted to the spot , watches on helplessly as the volley goes well wide of the right post .The goalkeeper rode his luck there .The ball goes out-of-play and Arsenal will have a goal kick .
20
What a chance that is ! Stephen Quinn ( Hull City ) squanders a huge opportunity as he latches on to a perfect cross from the side , and produces a bullet header from around the penalty spot which goes well wide of the right post !
19
Francis Coquelin ( Arsenal ) attempts to find his teammate with a final pass from outside of the box , but one of the defenders clears the ball to safety .
19
Robbie Brady ( Hull City ) takes the free kick but it is cleared by the first man .
18
Per Mertesacker ( Arsenal ) makes a foul .At least that's what referee Lee Mason signals .Hull City are given an advantage .They have a free kick .
17
A long through ball almost allows Mesut Ozil ( Arsenal ) to get in a good chance , but he loses it to one of the defenders .
16
The Arsenal players keep the ball and are exchanging a combination of passes .They are waiting for gaps in defence to open up .
15
Olivier Giroud ( Arsenal ) is caught offside !
13
Alexis Sanchez ( Arsenal ) connected with a pass around the edge of the box , aimed and struck .His attempt went in the direction of the left-hand post , but Steve Harper ( Hull City ) was alert and did n't let the score change .
13
Ahmed Elmohamady ( Hull City ) swings a cross into the box , but is far too close to David Ospina ( Arsenal ) , who smothers the ball .
12
Santi Cazorla ( Arsenal ) sends a low pass from outside the box to Olivier Giroud ( Arsenal ) .He lines up a shot , but the defence intercepts at the last moment .
11
Hector Bellerin ( Arsenal ) produces a cross into the box .The opposition's defence clears the ball to safety .
10
Michael Dawson ( Hull City ) brings an opponent down and Lee Mason interrupts the game .
9
Francis Coquelin ( Arsenal ) has n't suffered any serious injury which would n't allow him to stay on the pitch .He's back in the game now .
8
Francis Coquelin ( Arsenal ) is writhing in pain .The referee calls for physio , let's see whether he will be able to go on .
7
Olivier Giroud ( Arsenal ) with an overly-aggressive challenge , and referee Lee Mason blows his whistle for a foul .
5
A pass by Francis Coquelin ( Arsenal ) ends up in no man's land , and the attacking effort comes to an end .
4
The assistant referee raises his flag .Dame N'Doye ( Hull City ) is adjudged offside .
2
A fine lofted pass into the box , sent by Nacho Monreal ( Arsenal ) , is intercepted by the opposition's defence .
2
Neat passing move from Arsenal in order to create new attacking opportunities .