The first half has just begun .
The Arsenal players will kick off .
Neat passing move from Arsenal in order to create new attacking opportunities .
A fine lofted pass into the box , sent by Nacho Monreal (Arsenal) , is intercepted by the opposition's defence .
The assistant referee raises his flag .
Dame N'Doye (Hull City) is adjudged offside .
A pass by Francis Coquelin (Arsenal) ends up in no man's land , and the attacking effort comes to an end .
Olivier Giroud (Arsenal) with an overly aggressive challenge , and referee Lee Mason blows his whistle for a foul .
Francis Coquelin (Arsenal) is writhing in pain .
The referee calls for physio , let's see whether he will be able to go on .
Francis Coquelin (Arsenal) hasn't suffered any serious injury which wouldn't allow him to stay on the pitch .
He's back in the game now .
Michael Dawson (Hull City) brings an opponent down and Lee Mason interrupts the game .
Hector Bellerin (Arsenal) produces a cross into the box .
The opposition's defence clears the ball to safety .
Santi Cazorla (Arsenal) sends a low pass from outside the box to Olivier Giroud (Arsenal) .
He lines up a shot , but the defence intercepts at the last moment .
Ahmed Elmohamady (Hull City) swings a cross into the box , but is far too close to David Ospina (Arsenal) , who smothers the ball .
Alexis Sanchez (Arsenal) connected with a pass around the edge of the box , aimed and struck .
His attempt went in the direction of the left hand post , but Steve Harper (Hull City) was alert and didn't let the score change .
Olivier Giroud (Arsenal) is caught offside !
The Arsenal players keep the ball and are exchanging a combination of passes .
They are waiting for gaps in defence to open up .
A long through ball almost allows Mesut Ozil (Arsenal) to get in a good chance , but he loses it to one of the defenders .
Per Mertesacker (Arsenal) makes a foul .
At least that's what referee Lee Mason signals .
Hull City are given an advantage .
They have a free kick .
Robbie Brady (Hull City) takes the free kick but it is cleared by the first man .
Francis Coquelin (Arsenal) attempts to find his teammate with a final pass from outside of the box , but one of the defenders clears the ball to safety .
What a chance that is !
Stephen Quinn (Hull City) squanders a huge opportunity as he latches on to a perfect cross from the side , and produces a bullet header from around the penalty spot which goes well wide of the right post !
Dame N'Doye (Hull City) fails to find the target .
The goalkeeper , rooted to the spot , watches on helplessly as the volley goes well wide of the right post .
The goalkeeper rode his luck there .
The ball goes out of play and Arsenal will have a goal kick .
Tom Huddlestone (Hull City) delivers a promising cross into the box , but one of the defending players wins the ball and averts the threat .
Dame N'Doye (Hull City) meets a cross inside the box , but his header is blocked by an opposing player .
Jake Livermore (Hull City) can't expect anything else than a yellow card for his hard tackle .
And a yellow it is .
Lee Mason doesn't think twice to pull it out of his pocket .
Aaron Ramsey (Arsenal) is asking for medical treatment after suffering bruises from the previous challenge .
Aaron Ramsey (Arsenal) is able to continue to play .
A pass by Mesut Ozil (Arsenal) ends up in no man's land , and the attacking effort comes to an end .
The ball has crossed the sideline .
Hull City are taking a throw in .
Tom Huddlestone (Hull City) was trying to get to the ball but hit the legs of the opponent as well .
Lee Mason blows the whistle for infingement .
Arsenal win a free kick .
A promising situation for a direct shot .
Goal !
Free kick is fired in by Alexis Sanchez (Arsenal) , which one of the opposition players flicks on , leaving Steve Harper (Hull City) stranded , and spins into the net .
0 to 1 .
The resulting set piece , sent into the penalty area by Robbie Brady (Hull City) , was easily averted by one of the defenders .
A yellow card for a tackle by Dame N'Doye (Hull City) .
Lee Mason doesn't hesitate at all to make this decision .
Mesut Ozil (Arsenal) makes a harsh challenge and Lee Mason calls for a foul .
The Hull City players are exchanging some short passes .
Robbie Brady (Hull City) plays in a hopeful cross , but it doesn't find its way to any of the attacking players .
Goal! !
Santi Cazorla (Arsenal) passes the ball to Aaron Ramsey (Arsenal) and he fires in a deflected shot from the edge of the box .
Steve Harper (Hull City) couldn't do anything about it .
0 to 2 .
A clumsy foul by Olivier Giroud (Arsenal) and Lee Mason blows the whistle .
Robbie Brady (Hull City) sends a beautiful cross into the penalty area .
The opposition's defence manages to clear the ball to safety .
Good clearance !
Aaron Ramsey (Arsenal) received a low pass , but he didn't catch to do anything before quick stealing from one of the defenders .
Santi Cazorla (Arsenal) with a wonderful touch after collecting a pass inside the box .
He steers his low drive towards the left post , but the keeper dives low to keep the ball out .
The ball is out of play and Arsenal manage to earn a corner .
Santi Cazorla (Arsenal) takes the corner and sends it into the penalty area , but the opposition's defence is ready and makes a good clearance .
A pass from Dame N'Doye (Hull City) is intercepted by David Ospina (Arsenal) and the move breaks down .
The game is interrupted as Dame N'Doye (Hull City) is flagged for offside .
Ahmed Elmohamady (Hull City) releases a low pass from just outside the box in an attempt to find his teammate , but one of the defenders calmly averts the threat .
Arsenal control the tempo of the game as they are exchanging some accurate short passes .
An offensive foul by Dame N'Doye (Hull City) was seen by Lee Mason who didn't hesitate to blow the whistle .
What a sweet touch by Mesut Ozil (Arsenal) as he collects a pass deep into the box , and produces a low drive towards the middle of the net .
The goalkeeper pulls off a reflex save and denies the attempt !
Santi Cazorla (Arsenal) comes close to scoring .
He connected with a pass inside the box , and he perhaps should have done better than direct his shot straight at Steve Harper (Hull City) .
Goal !
Aaron Ramsey (Arsenal) displays great vision and sends a pass to Alexis Sanchez (Arsenal) , who shows brilliant composure inside the box to bury the ball from close range into the back of the net .
The score is 0 to 3 .
The first half of today's match has just finished .
We are seeing a great game so far , let's hope the players will be able to sustain the level of attractiveness and keep entertaining the fans in such a fabulous way .
The visiting team dominated the first half in most aspects of the game , but the hosts will surely attempt to turn the situation in their favour .
The home team plays long ball football unlike the away side which attempts to hold onto the ball for as long as possible .
After the half time break we are back again .
The players are back out on the pitch , and the second half is underway .
Steve Bruce makes a half time substitution .
David Meyler (Hull City) comes on in place of Jake Livermore (Hull City) .
Sone Aluko (Hull City) makes a yard for himself and goes for goal from long range .
It never troubles the goalkeeper as it flies into the stands .
The ball is out of the pitch and it's a goal kick for Arsenal .
David Meyler (Hull City) tackles a bit over zealously .
Lee Mason blows for a foul .
Laurent Koscielny (Arsenal) carelessly plunged himself under the feet of his opponent and couldn't expect to avoid punishment .
This time , Lee Mason keeps the cards in his pocket , but he blows for the foul .
A pass by Sone Aluko (Hull City) ends up in no man's land , and the attacking effort comes to an end .
Some great controlled play and passing in the middle of the pitch from Arsenal .
The ball is cleared after Hector Bellerin (Arsenal) attempted to dribble past an opposing player .
Alexis Sanchez (Arsenal) attempts to feed Olivier Giroud (Arsenal) with a chip pass , but Steve Harper (Hull City) reacts well and comes off his line to intercept .
Flag goes up against Dame N'Doye (Hull City) .
The referee blows the whistle for offside .
Aaron Ramsey (Arsenal) makes a yard for himself inside the box after an accurate pass and takes a shot that goes just wide of the right post .
The ball goes out of play and Hull City will have a goal kick .
Stephen Quinn (Hull City) heads the ball inside the right post after a splendid cross .
This timely header makes a wonderful moment .
Stephen Quinn (Hull City) is writhing in pain , and play has been stopped for a few moments .
Ahmed Elmohamady (Hull City) swings the cross over .
Paul McShane (Hull City) gets his head to it but it goes just over the crossbar .
The Arsenal players are exchanging some short passes to open the opposition’s defence to hit them swiftly on the break .
Alexis Sanchez (Arsenal) receives a clever chip pass into a promising position .
Nevertheless , the opponent's defence is alert and averts the danger with a brilliant clearance .
The ball is out of play , and the assistant referee points at the corner flag .
Arsenal will take it .
The resulting corner from Santi Cazorla (Arsenal) is cleared by the defence .
Alexis Sanchez (Arsenal) with a teasing cross into the area , but Steve Harper (Hull City) intercepts the ball .
Ambitious effort from Aaron Ramsey (Arsenal) as he finds himself in a great position after collecting a precise pass inside the penalty area and goes for goal , but it never troubles the goalkeeper and flies well over the bar .
The ball is out of the pitch and it's a goal kick for Hull City .
We are about to witness a substitution .
Andrew Robertson (Hull City) is replacing Sone Aluko (Hull City) .
Here is a change .
Aaron Ramsey (Arsenal) is going off and Arsene Wenger gives the last tactical orders to Jack Wilshere (Arsenal) .
Alexis Sanchez (Arsenal) bursts into the box , and latches on to a pin point long through ball , but one of the defenders steps in to clear the ball to safety .
A player from Hull City pulled an opponent down , making the referee blow the whistle .
Arsenal earn a free kick which can lead to a goal scoring opportunity .
Break in play with David Meyler (Hull City) down injured .
Alexis Sanchez (Arsenal) takes the resulting free kick from the edge of the box , but it was blocked by the players standing in the wall , saving the goalkeeper lot of effort .
The ball goes out of play .
Arsenal have been awarded a corner kick .
David Meyler (Hull City) is moving again okay after that injury scare .
Mesut Ozil (Arsenal) sends in the corner , but he fails to find the head of any of his teamamtes , and the the defence makes a clearance .
Alexis Sanchez (Arsenal) picks up a long through ball , but Steve Harper (Hull City) deserves praise for a brilliant reaction and interception .
It is unbelievable , Santi Cazorla (Arsenal) blows a huge opportunity !
He is totally unmarked and fires a first time shot towards goal from a few yards out , but Steve Harper (Hull City) reacts superbly to keep the ball out .
Ahmed Elmohamady (Hull City) produces a lovely ball into the penalty area but the defender manages to intercept and comfortably averts the danger .
David Meyler (Hull City) sends a sweet pass into the penalty area , but one of the defenders averts the danger .
A lofted cross from Andrew Robertson (Hull City) was unsuccessful as the opponent's defence quickly gets the ball out of the penalty area .
An unsuccessful cross into the box by Andrew Robertson (Hull City) .
The opponent's defence clears the ball away to safety .
Arsenal seem to be finding their feet as they enjoy some possession .
They are waiting for the right moment to create new attacking opportunities .
The defence is alert as they clear a dangerous cross from Mesut Ozil (Arsenal) .
Arsenal will take a corner kick .
Mesut Ozil (Arsenal) takes the corner but fails to find any of his teammates .
Here comes a substitution .
Stephen Quinn (Hull City) is given a rest as he is replaced by Nikica Jelavic (Hull City) .
Dame N'Doye (Hull City) serves in a nice cross , but the defence clear the danger .
Hector Bellerin (Arsenal) had a golden opportunity as he fired from point blank range .
His volley was directed towards the middle of the goal , but Steve Harper (Hull City) was alert and made an amazing save !
Jack Wilshere (Arsenal) is first to the rebound but his shot is blocked .
Wow , what an escape there for the opposition .
That will be all from Olivier Giroud (Arsenal) who is being replaced by the fresh legs of Theo Walcott (Arsenal) .
Jack Wilshere (Arsenal) skips past his man but can't keep the ball in play .
The ball goes out of play and Hull City will have a goal kick .
The attendance for today's match is 23628 .
Theo Walcott (Arsenal) is trying to get into the box .
He sends a low pass , but it's blocked and cleared .
It will be a corner kick for Arsenal .
Mesut Ozil (Arsenal) takes a short corner kick .
We will have 4 minutes of added time .
Flag up against Robbie Brady (Hull City) .
He had space to move into behind the defence , but he went too soon .
Jack Wilshere (Arsenal) receives a good pass just outside the box , unleashes a strike from a promising position , but the shot is thwarted by the defender .
A big opportunity missed by Theo Walcott (Arsenal) .
He got on the ball inside the box and thumped a splendid first time shot on goal , but it went narrowly wide of the right post .
Alexis Sanchez (Arsenal) produces a stunning solo run from the middle of the pitch , all the way to the penalty area .
He unleashes a decent strike which goes narrowly wide of the right post .
The ball is out of the pitch and it's a goal kick for Hull City .
That's all for today because the game is over .
The game hasn't been extremely attractive , but it hasn't been totally boring either .
There have been a few nice movements on both sides .
The control of the game belonged to the visitors .
Long balls and crosses were the strongest weapons of the home team .
Players of the away team presented themselves with possession football .
