90.4
A Hull attack breaks down midway inside the Arsenal half of the pitch , allowing the visitors to push forward on a quick counter attack .Sanchez darts towards the hosts' penalty area before firing a low shot towards the bottom left-hand corner of the net , but It 's slightly mishit and ends up trickling just wide of its intended target .
90.2
Excellent opportunity for Walcott ! 
Bellerin picks up the ball on the right-hand side of the Hull penalty area before cutting a great pass back to the substitute , who then ends up sending his first-time curling shot just wide of the far post .
90.1
Chester sends a lovely lofted pass forward that flies over the top of the Arsenal defence and into the path of Brady , but the Irishman is just slightly offside and the linesman's flag is immediately raised .
90
The fourth official has indicated that there will be four minutes of added time .
89
It 's all Arsenal at the moment as they continue to put the Hull defence under plenty of pressure , and , despite being two goals behind and in desperate need of a late push , the hosts have almost every available body camped behind the ball .
87
Wilshere embarks on a great run down the right flank , beating Meyler with ease before being nudged over from behind by the Irishman just inside the Hull penalty area .The Arsenal players and fans half-heartedly appeal for a penalty but the referee shakes his head and waves play on .
86
Substitution Olivier Giroud Theo Walcott
Arsenal have decided to make their final change of the evening , with Walcott coming on to take the place of Giroud .
85
Great chance for Arsenal ! 
Bellerin fires in an excellent shot from the right-hand side of the penalty area that is parried into the path of Wilshere , but he sees his close-range shot blocked on the line by Chester .The ball then bounces to Sanchez , but Harper rushes out to force the Chilean into sending his effort on goal into the side-netting .
84
Arsenal patiently pass the ball around on the edge of the Hull penalty area , with Sanchez and Cazorla both eyeing up potential shots .The Spaniard does eventually fire a strike towards goal that Harper is just about able to parry away with an outstretched foot .
82
Cazorla finds Ozil in plenty of space on the left wing , and the German then sends in a low cross towards that near post that is deflected out of play for a corner .The resulting set-piece is well struck but is comfortably dealt with by Huddlestone , who heads the ball away from danger .
81
Substitution Stephen Quinn Nikica Jelavic
Hull have made their final substitution of the game , with Quinn making way for Jelavic , who comes on to make his first appearance for almost two months .
80
Hull put the Arsenal defence under plenty of pressure , with Brady being presented with three opportunities to fire a cross into the visitors' penalty area , but each one is dealt with extremely well by the Gunners , who hold firm against the hosts' onslaught .
78
El Mohamady chips a wonderful pass into the path of Meyler , who is completely unmarked on the right-hand side of the Arsenal penalty area , but the Irishman's cut-back towards N'Doye is poorly hit and can only find Mertesacker near the penalty spot .
76
Lovely play by Arsenal ! 
The visitors exchange a series of intricate passes inside the Hull penalty area before Ozil cuts the ball back to Cazorla , but the Spaniard's first-time low volleyed shot from close range is stopped well by Harper .
75
Ospina unleashes a huge kick that flies over the top of the Hull defence and into the path of Sanchez , but Harper does extremely well to dart out and collect the ball before thumping it away from danger .
73
The corner is flung towards the near post where it almost finds Mertesacker , but It 's comfortably cleared away by a strong header from Robertson .
72
Sanchez steps up and fires a curling shot from the resulting set-piece , but this time it takes a deflection that sends it safely away from goal and out for a corner .
71
The game is briefly stopped as Meyler receives medical attention at the other end of the pitch .The Irishman received an accidental boot to the face after clashing with Koscielny just outside of the Arsenal box .
70
Great play by Wilshere ! 
The substitute immediately charges forward on an excellent run , twisting and turning through a sea of Hull players before being brought down on the edge of the penalty area , resulting in a free kick for the visitors in a very dangerous position .
68
Substitution Aaron Ramsey Jack Wilshere
And now Arsenal have made a substitution , with Ramsey making way for Wilshere , who comes on to make his first appearance since November .
66
Robertson is immediately involved in the action as he tries to find Brady , who has moved into a more advanced position , but the substitutes' pass is poor and rolls harmlessly out of play a throw-in near the halfway line .
65
Substitution Sone Aluko Andrew Robertson
And now Ramsey goes close !
Giroud and the Welshman play a series of quick passes between one another 25 yards out before the latter eventually tries to curl a strike into the top right-hand corner of the goal , but It 's not hit as well as he would have liked and ends up flying wide of its intended target .
65
Hull have decided to make their second change of the evening , with Robertson coming on to take the place of Aluko as the hosts switch to a more attack-minded back four .
64
Excellent play by Arsenal ! 
Ozil breaks forward before teeing up Sanchez , who darts down the left flank before unleashing a cross-cum-shot that Harper punches away from danger with a strong fist .
63
The resulting set-piece is flung into the heart of the penalty area , where it finds Mertesacker .He nods the ball down onto the head of Giroud , but the Frenchman tries to tee up Koscielny instead of going for goal himself and his selfless pass is cut out comfortably on the edge of the six-yard box .
62
Arsenal are finally able to bring a period of Hull dominance to an end , with Giroud and Cazorla linking up wonderfully well on the edge of the hosts' penalty area before McShane is just about able to poke the ball out of play for a corner .
60
McShane goes close ! 
Again , El Mohamady fires a brilliant curling cross into the middle of the Arsenal penalty area , where it finds the head of the aforementioned defender , but his effort ends up flying just a few yards over the top of the crossbar .
59
Coquelin flies into the back of Quinn and ends up accidentally standing on the Irishman's ankle , leaving the Hull midfielder in serious discomfort and the hosts not best pleased with the Frenchman .
58
The Hull fans are in fine voice as the hosts push forward once again , and there seems to be a feeling of belief around the KC Stadium thanks to that wonderfully-worked goal .
56
Assist Ahmed El Mohamady
56
Goal Stephen Quinn
Goal ! 
Hull have pulled one back ! 
El Mohamady picks up the ball in acres of space 30 yards away from goal and sends a briliant curling cross into the heart of the Arsenal penalty area , where Quinn fires an excellent header past the outstretched hands of Ospina and into the top right-hand corner of the net .Game on !
55
Great chance for Ramsey ! The Welshman pushes forward before playing a quick one-two with Sanchez on the edge of the Hull penalty area , but he ends up sending his toe-poked strike just wide of the near post .
54
Sanchez spins on the halfway line before sending an absolutely excellent lofted pass through the middle of the Hull defence and into the path of Giroud , but Harper does well to read the flight of the ball and quickly sprints out to cut out the danger .
53
Bellerin skips past Brady on the right flank before cutting into the penalty area , but Quinn does well to dart across the box and dispossess the Spaniard before he can get a cross away .
51
Arsenal patiently pass the ball around in the middle of the pitch , and they do n't seem to be in any particular hurry to push forward as they look to keep hold of their three-goal lead .
49
It 's been a rather scrappy start to the second half , with both sides committing several poor challenges in the middle of the pitch as the two teams battle for possession .
47
Hull immediately push forward , with Meyler getting involved in the action straight away before teeing up Aluko , but the Nigerian striker ends up firing his 25-yard strike comfortably over the top of the crossbar .
46
Substitution Jake Livermore David Meyler
Hull have decided to make one substitution during the half-time break , with Meyler coming on to take the place of Livermore , who was booked during the first period .
46
And we're underway once again !
The two teams are making their way back out onto the pitch ahead of the start of the second half .
It 's been a truly dreadful first half for Hull , who head into the break three goals down and with little chance of coming away with any points .Arsenal have been brilliant , with some of their passing in the hosts' half of the pitch being truly out of this world .Sanchez , Ramsey and Ozil have run the show in the final third , and the Tigers' back three have looked extremely lacklustre as a result .
45.1
Assist Aaron Ramsey
45.1
Goal Alexis Sánchez
Huddlestone is caught in possession near the halfway line , allowing Arsenal to break away extremely quickly .Ramsey then unleashes a brilliant through-ball that finds Sanchez , who skips past Harper before easily slotting the ball into the back of the net .It 's not even half-time yet and the visitors have all but wrapped up the victory .
45
The fourth official has indicated that there will be two minutes of added time .
45
Cazorla sends yet another excellent pass through the middle of the Hull defence and into the path of Sanchez , but Harper does extremely well to rush out and save the Chilean's toe-poked shot with a one-handed save .
44
A lovely series of passes from Arsenal ends with Ozil on the edge of the penalty area after playing a wonderful one-two with Sanchez , and the German then unleashes a great low shot that Harper does well to stop with a strong diving save at the near post .
42
El Mohamady sprints down the right wing before sending yet another dangerous low cross into the heart of the Arsenal penalty area , but It 's just about dealt with by the Gunners' defence , who have been put under an incredible amount of pressure over the last few minutes .
40
Aluko is brought down by Koscielny , resulting in a free kick for Hull just inside the Arsenal half of the pitch .It 's sent quickly to N'Doye , who breaks through the visitors' defensive line before firing a low shot that ends up flying just wide of the far post .The linesman's flag is quickly raised , however , and Arsenal are awarded a chance to breathe .
38
Hull immediately break away on a quick counter attack , with N'Doye skipping past Bellerin with ease before darting down the left flank .He then tries to curl a low cross into the path of Aluko , but he completely miskicks his attempted pass and It 's sent trickling into the hands of Ospina .
37
Cazorla breaks through the middle of two Hull defenders before firing a great low shot that Harper is forced to tip round the near post .The resulting set-piece is then sent in low by the Spaniard but is easily dealt with by the hosts' defence .
35
Once again , El Mohamady does well to dart down the right wing before sending in a low cross that finds its way to Livermore on the edge of the penalty area , but the former Tottenham midfielder spends far too long on the ball and is dispossessed comfortably , allowing Arsenal to break away quickly .
33
Assist Santi Cazorla
33
Goal Aaron Ramsey
Goal ! 
It 's 2-0 ! 
Cazorla receives the ball on the halfway line and sends an absolutely wonderful lofted pass right into the feet of Ramsey , who spins round Brady on the edge of the Hull penalty area before sending a deflected shot off the foot of the defender and into the top left-hand corner of the net .
32
Hull look far more determined since going behind , but they're finding it incredibly difficult to break down Arsenal's resolute defence , despite their best efforts .
30
Yellow Card Dame Ndoye
N'Doye cynically trips Monreal over from behind as the left-back tries to break away on a quick counter attack , and as a result the Senegalese striker becomes the second Hull player to enter the referee's book .
28
Goal Alexis Sánchez
Goal ! 
What a strike by Sanchez ! 
The Chilean steps up and fires a curling shot that deflects off Dawson before flying into the roof of the net .Harper looked to be going the right way but was put off by the deflection , which sent it away from his outstretched arms .
27
Huddlestone is caught napping in a dangerous position inside the Hull half of the pitch , allowing Sanchez to dart forward before being tripped over by Livermore just a few yards outside of the penalty area .
26
Ramsey hobbles off the pitch to receive further medical treatment , but it looks as if he's going to be able to continue after a few moments on the sideline .
25
Ramsey and Huddlestone clash after a poor first-touch from the Hull midfielder sees him lunge into the Welshman , leaving the latter on the floor in serious pain .
23
Yellow Card Jake Livermore
Livermore clumsily fouls Sanchez and picks up the first booking of the game as a result .
23
What a chance for Aluko ! 
Brady picks up the ball on the left flank and whips an excellent cross towards the back post , but the Nigerian striker , who is in a wonderful position on the edge of the six-yard box , ends up sending his header down into the ground and away from goal .
21
Audacious effort from N'Doye ! 
The Senegalese striker spots Ospina off his line and decides to try and beat him from 40 yards out , but his strike is poorly hit and ends up flying comfortably wide of its intended target .
20
El Mohamady does well to push down the right wing before sending a deep cross towards Quinn , who gets up high but can only send his headed effort looping several yards wide of the far post .
19
The resulting set-piece is swung into the heart of the penalty area , where it can only find the head of Coquelin , who then quickly tees up Ozil .The German immediately embarks on a blisteringly quick counter attack before sending the ball back to the aforementioned Frenchman , but he raises his boot too high whilst battling with El Mohamady and Hull are awarded a free kick inside their box as a result .
18
Mertesacker charges into Quinn and brings the midfielder crashing to the ground with a hefty shoulder barge , resulting in a free kick for Hull in a very dangerous position on the left flank .
16
Ozil makes a good run behind the Hull defensive line to reach a lofted forward pass , but he's unable to find a red and white shirt with his attempted back-heel , which is cut out comfortably by Dawson .
14
Great strike by Sanchez ! 
The Chilean sprints through a sea of Hull players before firing a wonderful low shot from just outside of the penalty area that Harper does well to parry away with a strong diving save .It 's almost pushed into the path of Giroud but Dawson does well to cut out the danger before the Frenchman can unleash a follow-up effort from close range .
13
El Mohamady uses his pace well to beat Monreal near the corner flag on the right wing before curling a looping cross towards the edge of the six-yard box , but It 's sent slightly too near to Ospina , who comfortably collects the ball .
12
Bellerin and Cazorla link up well just outside of the Hull penalty area before the latter sends the ball into the feet of Giroud , who is camped deep inside to box .The Frenchman tries to twist quickly to get a shot away but is dispossessed at the vital moment by Dawson , who then clears the danger .
10
Almost a terrible mistake by Huddlestone ! Bellerin twists and turns on the right flank before beating Brady and firing a cross into the heart of the Hull penalty area , where it deflects off the aforementioned midfielder before flying into the hands of Harper .
8
After a few moments receiving medical attention on the sideline , Coquelin jogs back onto the pitch and is able to rejoin the action .
7
Hull are awarded a free kick just inside the Arsenal half of the pitch after a poor challenge from Giroud , and It 's thumped towards the edge of the penalty area .Ospina rushes out and punches the ball away from danger but also catches Coquelin , who receives a fist in the face that leaves him in a heap on the ground .
6
Hull are finally able to string a few passes together before Harper tries to find El Mohamady with a long kick forward , but it ends up bouncing over the head of the Egyptian before going out for a throw-in midway inside the Arsenal half of the pitch .
4
Arsenal patiently pass the ball around midway inside their own half of the pitch before Coquelin tries to send a long pass into the feet of Giroud , but It 's poorly hit and flies past the striker before bouncing out of play for a goal kick .
2
Monreal breaks down the left flank before curling a very dangerous low cross towards the near post , where it meets the outstretched foot of Ramsey .The midfielder is just about able to make contact with the ball but ends up sending his toe-poked effort a few yards wide of the Hull goal .
1
<<<<<<< HEAD
<<<<<<< HEAD
And we're off ! Arsenal get us underway , attacking from left to right .
>>>>>>> d828dc0c15fbf645c39b6de066fa5a5d4584addd
=======
And we're off ! 
Arsenal get us underway , attacking from left to right .
>>>>>>> 21e3e914bf3ee1541088f1751fca2af3f4bddb23
=======
And we're off ! 
Arsenal get us underway , attacking from left to right .
>>>>>>> 9bc8f27f537a778179de4f62a574d56c0192c4d2
