And we're off  !
Arsenal get us underway  , attacking from left to right  .
Monreal breaks down the left flank before curling a very dangerous low cross towards the near post  , where it meets the outstretched foot of Ramsey  .
Arsenal patiently pass the ball around midway inside their own half of the pitch before Coquelin tries to send a long pass into the feet of Giroud  , but it's poorly hit and flies past the striker before bouncing out of play for a goal kick  .
Hull are finally able to string a few passes together before Harper tries to find El Mohamady with a long kick forward  , but it ends up bouncing over the head of the Egyptian before going out for a throw in midway inside the Arsenal half of the pitch  .
Hull are awarded a free kick just inside the Arsenal half of the pitch after a poor challenge from Giroud  , and it's thumped towards the edge of the penalty area  .
After a few moments receiving medical attention on the sideline  , Coquelin jogs back onto the pitch and is able to rejoin the action  .
Almost a terrible mistake by Huddlestone  !
Bellerin twists and turns on the right flank before beating Brady and firing a cross into the heart of the Hull penalty area  , where it deflects off the aforementioned midfielder before flying into the hands of Harper  .
Bellerin and Cazorla link up well just outside of the Hull penalty area before the latter sends the ball into the feet of Giroud  , who is camped deep inside to box  .
El Mohamady uses his pace well to beat Monreal near the corner flag on the right wing before curling a looping cross towards the edge of the six yard box  , but it's sent slightly too near to Ospina  , who comfortably collects the ball  .
Great strike by Sanchez  !
The Chilean sprints through a sea of Hull players before firing a wonderful low shot from just outside of the penalty area that Harper does well to parry away with a strong diving save  .
Ozil makes a good run behind the Hull defensive line to reach a lofted forward pass  , but he's unable to find a red and white shirt with his attempted back heel  , which is cut out comfortably by Dawson  .
Mertesacker charges into Quinn and brings the midfielder crashing to the ground with a hefty shoulder barge  , resulting in a free kick for Hull in a very dangerous position on the left flank  .
The resulting set piece is swung into the heart of the penalty area  , where it can only find the head of Coquelin  , who then quickly tees up Ozil  .
El Mohamady does well to push down the right wing before sending a deep cross towards Quinn  , who gets up high but can only send his headed effort looping several yards wide of the far post  .
Audacious effort from N'Doye  !
The Senegalese striker spots Ospina off his line and decides to try and beat him from 40 yards out  , but his strike is poorly hit and ends up flying comfortably wide of its intended target  .
What a chance for Aluko  !
Brady picks up the ball on the left flank and whips an excellent cross towards the back post  , but the Nigerian striker  , who is in a wonderful position on the edge of the six yard box  , ends up sending his header down into the ground and away from goal  .
Yellow CardJake Livermore
Ramsey and Huddlestone clash after a poor first touch from the Hull midfielder sees him lunge into the Welshman  , leaving the latter on the floor in serious pain  .
Ramsey hobbles off the pitch to receive further medical treatment  , but it looks as if he's going to be able to continue after a few moments on the sideline  .
Huddlestone is caught napping in a dangerous position inside the Hull half of the pitch  , allowing Sanchez to dart forward before being tripped over by Livermore just a few yards outside of the penalty area  .
Goal Alexis Sánchez
Yellow CardDame Ndoye
Hull look far more determined since going behind  , but they're finding it incredibly difficult to break down Arsenal's resolute defence  , despite their best efforts  .
Goal Aaron Ramsey
Assist Santi Cazorla
Once again  , El Mohamady does well to dart down the right wing before sending in a low cross that finds its way to Livermore on the edge of the penalty area  , but the former Tottenham midfielder spends far too long on the ball and is dispossessed comfortably  , allowing Arsenal to break away quickly  .
Cazorla breaks through the middle of two Hull defenders before firing a great low shot that Harper is forced to tip round the near post  .
Hull immediately break away on a quick counter attack  , with N'Doye skipping past Bellerin with ease before darting down the left flank  .
Aluko is brought down by Koscielny  , resulting in a free kick for Hull just inside the Arsenal half of the pitch  .
El Mohamady sprints down the right wing before sending yet another dangerous low cross into the heart of the Arsenal penalty area  , but it's just about dealt with by the Gunners' defence  , who have been put under an incredible amount of pressure over the last few minutes  .
A lovely series of passes from Arsenal ends with Ozil on the edge of the penalty area after playing a wonderful one two with Sanchez  , and the German then unleashes a great low shot that Harper does well to stop with a strong diving save at the near post  .
Cazorla sends yet another excellent pass through the middle of the Hull defence and into the path of Sanchez  , but Harper does extremely well to rush out and save the Chilean's toe poked shot with a one handed save  .
The fourth official has indicated that there will be two minutes of added time  .
+ 1'
+ 1'
And we're underway once again  !
Substitution Jake Livermore David Meyler
Hull immediately push forward  , with Meyler getting involved in the action straight away before teeing up Aluko  , but the Nigerian striker ends up firing his 25 yard strike comfortably over the top of the crossbar  .
It's been a rather scrappy start to the second half  , with both sides committing several poor challenges in the middle of the pitch as the two teams battle for possession  .
Arsenal patiently pass the ball around in the middle of the pitch  , and they do n't seem to be in any particular hurry to push forward as they look to keep hold of their three goal lead  .
Bellerin skips past Brady on the right flank before cutting into the penalty area  , but Quinn does well to dart across the box and dispossess the Spaniard before he can get a cross away  .
Sanchez spins on the halfway line before sending an absolutely excellent lofted pass through the middle of the Hull defence and into the path of Giroud  , but Harper does well to read the flight of the ball and quickly sprints out to cut out the danger  .
Great chance for Ramsey  !
The Welshman pushes forward before playing a quick one two with Sanchez on the edge of the Hull penalty area  , but he ends up sending his toe poked strike just wide of the near post  .
Goal Stephen Quinn
Assist Ahmed El Mohamady
The Hull fans are in fine voice as the hosts push forward once again  , and there seems to be a feeling of belief around the KC Stadium thanks to that wonderfully worked goal  .
Coquelin flies into the back of Quinn and ends up accidentally standing on the Irishman's ankle  , leaving the Hull midfielder in serious discomfort and the hosts not best pleased with the Frenchman  .
McShane goes close  !
Again  , El Mohamady fires a brilliant curling cross into the middle of the Arsenal penalty area  , where it finds the head of the aforementioned defender  , but his effort ends up flying just a few yards over the top of the crossbar  .
Arsenal are finally able to bring a period of Hull dominance to an end  , with Giroud and Cazorla linking up wonderfully well on the edge of the hosts' penalty area before McShane is just about able to poke the ball out of play for a corner  .
The resulting set piece is flung into the heart of the penalty area  , where it finds Mertesacker  .
Excellent play by Arsenal  !
Ozil breaks forward before teeing up Sanchez  , who darts down the left flank before unleashing a cross cum shot that Harper punches away from danger with a strong fist  .
Hull have decided to make their second change of the evening  , with Robertson coming on to take the place of Aluko as the hosts switch to a more attack minded back four  .
Substitution Sone Aluko Andrew Robertson
Robertson is immediately involved in the action as he tries to find Brady  , who has moved into a more advanced position  , but the substitutes' pass is poor and rolls harmlessly out of play a throw in near the halfway line  .
Substitution Aaron Ramsey Jack Wilshere
Great play by Wilshere  !
The substitute immediately charges forward on an excellent run  , twisting and turning through a sea of Hull players before being brought down on the edge of the penalty area  , resulting in a free kick for the visitors in a very dangerous position  .
The game is briefly stopped as Meyler receives medical attention at the other end of the pitch  .
Sanchez steps up and fires a curling shot from the resulting set piece  , but this time it takes a deflection that sends it safely away from goal and out for a corner  .
The corner is flung towards the near post where it almost finds Mertesacker  , but it's comfortably cleared away by a strong header from Robertson  .
Ospina unleashes a huge kick that flies over the top of the Hull defence and into the path of Sanchez  , but Harper does extremely well to dart out and collect the ball before thumping it away from danger  .
Lovely play by Arsenal  !
The visitors exchange a series of intricate passes inside the Hull penalty area before Ozil cuts the ball back to Cazorla  , but the Spaniard's first time low volleyed shot from close range is stopped well by Harper  .
El Mohamady chips a wonderful pass into the path of Meyler  , who is completely unmarked on the right hand side of the Arsenal penalty area  , but the Irishman's cut back towards N'Doye is poorly hit and can only find Mertesacker near the penalty spot  .
Hull put the Arsenal defence under plenty of pressure  , with Brady being presented with three opportunities to fire a cross into the visitors' penalty area  , but each one is dealt with extremely well by the Gunners  , who hold firm against the hosts' onslaught  .
Substitution Stephen Quinn Nikica Jelavic
Cazorla finds Ozil in plenty of space on the left wing  , and the German then sends in a low cross towards that near post that is deflected out of play for a corner  .
Arsenal patiently pass the ball around on the edge of the Hull penalty area  , with Sanchez and Cazorla both eyeing up potential shots  .
Great chance for Arsenal  !
Bellerin fires in an excellent shot from the right hand side of the penalty area that is parried into the path of Wilshere  , but he sees his close range shot blocked on the line by Chester  .
Substitution Olivier Giroud Theo Walcott
Wilshere embarks on a great run down the right flank  , beating Meyler with ease before being nudged over from behind by the Irishman just inside the Hull penalty area  .
It's all Arsenal at the moment as they continue to put the Hull defence under plenty of pressure  , and  , despite being two goals behind and in desperate need of a late push  , the hosts have almost every available body camped behind the ball  .
The fourth official has indicated that there will be four minutes of added time  .
+ 1'
+ 2'
+ 4'
