90
Alexis breaks towards the box but drags his shot wide . Walcott had previously fired wide too
90
Four minutes to be added on at KC Stadium...
85
Harper pushes away Bellerin's strike , Wilshere's volley is blocked and Alexis smashes wide
85
SUBSTITUTION: Walcott comes on for Giroud
84
Harper just about keeps out Cazorla's low strike with an outstretched leg
81
SUBSTITUTION: Jelavic comes on for Quinn
75
Wilshere feeds Ozil who crosses to Cazorla but his close-range volley is held by Harper
73
Ozil's corner is cleared but Arsenal retain possession deep in Hull's half
72
Alexis's free-kick is blocked by the wall and Arsenal have a corner...
70
Wilshere races past three defenders to win a free-kick right on the edge of the box...
67
SUBSTITUTION: Wilshere comes on for Ramsey
65
SUBSTITUTION: Robertson comes on for Aluko
64
More clever football by Arsenal , this time Ramsey volleys Giroud's flick over
64
Ozil finds Alexis with a clever flick and the Chilean looks for the return but Harper pushes clear
61
Alexis attacks Bellerin's cross at the far post but Harper scoops up his header
60
Elmohamady sends across another dangerous delivery which is headed over by McShane
57
Quinn heads Elmohamady's cross past Ospina from eight yards
57
Goal ! Quinn !
56
Ramsey combines with Cazorla and stabs a half-volley inches wide of the bottom corner
54
Alexis turns away from Meyler on the halfway line and clips over to Giroud but Harper collects
53
Bellerin beats Brady to get into the box but is eventually outnumbered and Hull clear
47
Aluko creates a yard of space on the edge of the box but slices his effort off target
46
Hull City get us back underway at KC Stadium . 
COME ON YOU GUNNERS !
46
SUBSTITUTION: Meyler comes on for Livermore
45
Ramsey finds Alexis with an excellent reverse pass and the Chilean rounds Harper to slot home
45
GOAL ! ALEXIS !
45
Two minutes to be added on at the end of the first half...
45
Cazorla threads through Alexis brilliantly but Harper keeps out his attempted chip
44
Ramsey and Alexis combine to release Ozil whose low strike is held by Harper
41
Elmohamady gets in behind and squares to Aluko but Mertesacker is well placed to clear
33
Cazorla finds Ramsey with a 50-yard pass and the Welshman sends a looping strike into the top corner
33
GOAL ! RAMSEY !
30
BOOKING: N'Doye
30
N'Doye is the first name in the book after he trips Monreal
28
Alexis's free-kick flicks off Dawson and sails past the stranded Harper to give Arsenal the lead
28
GOAL ! ALEXIS !
28
Ozil wins the ball back high up the pitch and Alexis is fouled on the edge of Hull's box...
26
Ramsey is back on his feet and it looks like he is okay to continue
24
There's a break in play at KC Stadium while Ramsey receives treatment after colliding with Huddlestone
23
Brady whips in a dangerous cross and Aluko heads back across goal but Mertesacker clears
21
Cazorla is caught in possession 30 yards out and N'Doye spots Ospina off his line but smashes off target
20
Quinn meets Elmohamady's deflected cross at the far post but heads well wide of the far post
19
Coquelin clears the free-kick and Arsenal break with Ozil who returns to the Frenchman but Hull block his pass
18
Hull win a free-kick on the left-hand side of the box after Mertesacker collides with Quinn...
17
Ramsey clips over the top to Ozil but Harper collects his clever backheel
14
Alexis then beats his man to reach the byline and crosses to Giroud who volleys wide
13
Alexis plays a one-two with Ozil before forcing Harper into a low save from 18 yards
13
Elmohamady beats Monreal and floats a cross in but Ospina comes off his line quickly to claim
11
Ramsey feeds Bellerin who fizzes across goal and Harper has to react to keep out Huddlestone's deflection
6
Ramsey looks for Ozil with a long ball over the top but Hull defend the danger and Harper claims
2
Arsenal keep the ball for the first minute before Ramsey flicks Monreal's cross just wide