

    90
    FULL-TIME
    90

    Four minutes of added time...
    90

    Ozil crosses for Mertesacker but his header is saved
    87

    Cazorla curls a free-kick towards goal but Roberto tips the ball over the bar
    85
    SUBSTITUTION:

    Vouros comes on for Fortounis
    85
    SUBSTITUTION:

    Campbell comes on for Bellerin
    83

    Cazorla crosses a free-kick and the ball falls to Oxlade-Chamberlain but he shoots wide
    80

    Ramsey fires over the bar from outside the box
    76
    BOOKING: Fortounis
    76
    BOOKING: Ozil
    75

    Ozil forces Roberto to make a good save to deny his whipped free-kick
    74

    Finnbogason is booked for a foul on Cazorla before Cambiasso is booked for handling the ball
    74
    BOOKING: Finnbogason
    74
    BOOKING: Cambiasso
    72
    SUBSTITUTION:

    Santos Fortes comes on for de Freita Couto Junior
    68

    Alexis equalises for Arsenal with a header but Finnbogason restores Olympiacos' lead
    68
    Goal: Finnbogason

    image: http://www.arsenal.com/assets/images/diamonds/sc_stephen_hughes_diamond.png
    Stephen Hughes on Player

    You could feel the momentum growing for Arsenal, and to concede so soon after levelling the score is frustrating.
    67
    GOAL! ALEXIS!
    65

    Roberto is booked for time wasting
    65
    BOOKING: Jimenez Gago
    64

    Roberto makes a fantastic save to deny Cazorla's drive before Alexis curls a shot over the bar
    63

    Walcott sprints into the box and goes past his marker but is unable to get a shot away
    61

    Mertesacker has his shot saved and then Cazorla has an effort cleared off the line
    60
    SUBSTITUTION:

    Ramsey comes on for Coquelin
    jomixsport on Twitter

    Rambooooo come on! #AFCvOLY
    57
    SUBSTITUTION:

    Mertesacker comes on for Koscielny
    54

    Kasami shoots from outside the box but Ospina makes a good save
    52

    Alexis tries to thread Oxlade-Chamberlain a through ball but Olympiacos clear
    48

    Bellerin cuts the ball back to Walcott but he is tackled before he can get a shot away
    46

    Olympiacos get us underway for the second half. COME ON YOU GUNNERS!
    45
    SUBSTITUTION:

    Finnbogason comes on for Ideye
    45
    HALF-TIME
    45
    BOOKING: Gabriel
    44
    BOOKING: Alexis

    image: http://www.arsenal.com/assets/images/diamonds/sc_stephen_hughes_diamond.png
    Stephen Hughes on Player

    The goals have definitely changed the atmosphere, I'm still trying to work out Olympiacos' second goal
    40
    Goal for Olympiacos

    Ospina is unable to hold onto a cross from Fortounis
    35

    Walcott races onto Alexis's through ball and curls a shot past Roberto
    SHANE_ARSENAL on Twitter

    Get In! Theo Walcott scores. Great response #AFCvOLY
    35
    GOAL! WALCOTT!
    32

    Pardo capitalises on a loose ball from a corner and puts Olympiacos ahead
    32
    Goal: Pardo
    31

    Alexis attempts a creative through ball for Walcott but it is cut out by Olympiacos
    27

    Oxlade-Chamberlain's cross takes a deflection off Salino but Roberto gathers the ball
    22

    Fortounis has a shot from outside the box but it goes wide of the target
    12

    Walcott races onto Alexis's pass but his shot is gathered by Roberto
    10

    Oxlade-Chamberlain breaks down the right flank on a counter-attack but his shot goes wide
    pvishal912 on Twitter

    The pace on the counter was unbelievable #AFCvOLY
    9

    Alexis dribbles past his marker but is tackled before he can get a shot away
    6

    Kasami attempts a volley on the edge of the box but does not make contact with the ball
    1
    WE'RE OFF!

    Olympiacos subs: Kapino, Finnbogason, Dominguez, Pulido, Masuaku, Vouros, Hernani

    Olympiacos team to play Arsenal: Roberto, Botia, Fortounis, Kasami, Elabdellaoui, Siovas, Salino, Pardo, Cambiasso, Seba, Brown

    Arsenal subs: Debuchy, Mertesacker, Ramsey, Campbell, Cech, Chambers, Monreal

    Arsenal team to play Olympiacos: Ospina, Bellerin, Koscielny, Gabriel, Gibbs, Cazorla, Coquelin, Oxlade-Chamberlain, Ozil, Alexis, Walcott

    We will bring you team news shortly...

    All six of their previous encounters in the Champions League have ended in a home win.

    Olympiacos have lost 50 Champions League games - only FC Porto have lost more in the competition (51).

    Arsenal and Olympiacos have been paired in the same Champions League group for the fourth time in the last seven seasons.

    We will bring you all the action as it happens live from Emirates Stadium but first some stats...

    Hello and welcome to our live coverage of Arsenal's Champions League fixture against Olympiacos. 


Read more at http://www.arsenal.com/match-menu/g832645/first-team/arsenal-v-olympiacos?tab=comm#pk2jdKiaculZIZR7.99
