90+4'
	This is how football ought to look like. Full of action, thrilling moments and spectacular opportunities. The expectations for the next games will be high. Great display from home side, you have to say that they were the better side today. The hosts displayed good teamplay with a lot of passes. The visiting side patiently waited on their own half to take the ball off the opponent and to hit them on the break.
90+4'
 
	The end of the match.
90+4'
	Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain (Arsenal) makes a yard for himself and goes for goal from long range. It never troubles the goalkeeper as it flies well wide of the left post.
90+3'
	Alexis Sanchez (Arsenal) delivers a promising cross into the box which is cleared.
90+1'
	Per Mertesacker (Arsenal) after a cross wins the header inside the box and steers it goalwards, but Roberto Jimenez (Olympiakos Piraeus) produces a wonderful reflex save.
90'
 
	4 additional min. will be played.
90'
 
	Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain (Arsenal) takes the ball to the corner flag to send it into the box from there.
90'
	Alexis Sanchez (Arsenal) was just about to receive a beautiful pass into a promising position. However, one of the defenders makes a timely clearance. Good work from Arsenal as they win a corner.
90'
 
	The ball possession is 62:38.
89'
	Joel Campbell (Arsenal) swings a cross into the box, but is far too close to Roberto Jimenez (Olympiakos Piraeus), who smothers the ball.
88'
 
	Mesut Ozil (Arsenal) swings in a dangerous cross from the resulting corner kick, but none of his teammates managed to outjump the defence.
88'
	Santi Cazorla (Arsenal) stands over the free kick and it is him who takes it, sending it towards the top right corner only for Roberto Jimenez (Olympiakos Piraeus) to dive and make a save. The ball goes out for a corner. Arsenal can continue in their attacking effort.
87'
 
	Marco da Silva has decided to substitute Konstantinos Fortounis (Olympiakos Piraeus) and he is replaced by Praxitelis Vouros (Olympiakos Piraeus).
86'
 
	Mesut Ozil (Arsenal) with the corner, but it is intercepted by the defender.
86'
 
	It's time to substitute. Hector Bellerin (Arsenal) can't go any further and leaves the pitch. Joel Campbell (Arsenal) is taking his place.
85'
	Alexis Sanchez (Arsenal) latches on to a cross from the side and produces a header from inside the box. It went well towards the goal, but it was blocked by one of the defenders. Arsenal get a corner.
84'
 
	Mesut Ozil (Arsenal) takes the corner, but the opposition's defence is ready to clear the ball to safety.
84'
	Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain (Arsenal) reacts well to get to the rebound and takes a shot from the edge of the box. He doesn't manage to get the ball through the players standing between him and the goal. Arsenal get a chance to score from a corner kick.
84'
	Mesut Ozil (Arsenal) is caught offside!
83'
	Pajtim Kasami (Olympiakos Piraeus) was too harsh with his tackle which made Bas Nijhuis interrupt the game and signal for a set piece.
82'
	Arsenal seem to be finding their feet as they enjoy some possession. Great movement by offensive players allows those more defensive to build up the attack.
80'
	Aaron Ramsey (Arsenal) receives a pass and decides to smash the ball from long range. His poor effort sails high over the bar.
78'
 
	What a horrific tackle by Mesut Ozil (Arsenal). He is lucky for only receiving a yellow card.
78'
	Alexis Sanchez (Arsenal) takes the free kick but it is cleared by the first man.
77'
 
	Konstantinos Fortounis (Olympiakos Piraeus) earns the yellow card.
76'
 
	Esteban Cambiasso (Olympiakos Piraeus) is given a yellow card.
76'
	Esteban Cambiasso (Olympiakos Piraeus) is angry but in vain. He changed the direction of the ball using his hand and the referee was spot on. Arsenal earn a free kick which can lead to a goal-scoring opportunity.
75'
 
	Bas Nijhuis shows the yellow card to Alfred Finnbogason (Olympiakos Piraeus) for a heavy challenge.
74'
	The assistant referee raises his flag. Mesut Ozil (Arsenal) is adjudged offside.
73'
 
	Here comes a substitution. Hernani (Olympiakos Piraeus) is brought on as a substitute for Seba (Olympiakos Piraeus).
69'
 
	The defence clears the ball to safety after a dangerous cross from the corner, taken by Konstantinos Fortounis (Olympiakos Piraeus).
66'
 
	Goal! After receiving a sweet pass, Alfred Finnbogason (Olympiakos Piraeus) unleashes a shot which goes straight inside the left post. Good team effort!
65'
	Some great controlled play and passing from Arsenal. They are increasing the possession of the ball and waiting to open the opposition's defence to hit them swiftly on the break.
65'
 
	Theo Walcott (Arsenal) sends a superb cross into the box, Alexis Sanchez (Arsenal) latches on to it and from close range he plants a header inside the left post, leaving Roberto Jimenez (Olympiakos Piraeus) beaten. He displays his eye for goal, an excellent finish. The score is 2:2.
64'
 
	Roberto Jimenez (Olympiakos Piraeus) is awarded a yellow card for his behaviour.
64'
	Santi Cazorla (Arsenal) fashions a shot from the edge of the box after receiving an accurate pass. Roberto Jimenez (Olympiakos Piraeus) makes a stunning save and denies the effort which is headed for the left side of the goal.
64'
 
	Corner kick. Mesut Ozil (Arsenal) is ready to send the ball in.
64'
	Alexis Sanchez (Arsenal) makes a good run to meet a precise cross just outside the box. He latches on to it and strikes the ball, but the goalkeeper pulls off a brilliant save. The referee points to the corner flag. Arsenal are given a corner.
63'
	Theo Walcott (Arsenal) races towards goal but the defender gets back well to make a challenge.
62'
	Santi Cazorla (Arsenal) is the first to arrive to a rebounded ball inside the penalty area and unleashes a quick strike towards the middle of the target. One of the defenders makes a stop on the goal line instead of the keeper.
61'
	Per Mertesacker (Arsenal) received a pass inside the box, sent a dangerous shot on goal, but celebration has been thwarted by one of the defenders who stepped in and blocked his effort. It's hard to say whether the keeper would have been there.
61'
 
	Mesut Ozil (Arsenal) decided to speed play up with a short corner kick.
60'
 
	Nothing comes of the resulting corner from Mesut Ozil (Arsenal). The defence is alert and manages to cut it out. The assistant referee makes a right call and Arsenal will have a corner.
60'
 
	We are about to witness a subsitution. Aaron Ramsey (Arsenal) for Francis Coquelin (Arsenal).
59'
	Hector Bellerin (Arsenal) passes the ball onto Santi Cazorla (Arsenal), but one of the defenders dispossesses him. The ball is out-of-play and Arsenal manage to earn a corner.
57'
 
	Laurent Koscielny (Arsenal) is being substituted because of an injury. Arsene Wenger sends Per Mertesacker (Arsenal) on the pitch.
56'
 
	Laurent Koscielny (Arsenal) is having a really harsh time now. We are about to find out how serious his injury is.
56'
 
	Santi Cazorla (Arsenal) takes the corner kick and sends a lovely ball into the penalty area, but the opposition's defence is ready and knocks the ball to safety.
56'
	Arsenal are passing the ball across the pitch and keep possession. However, the opponent intercepts one pass, and the situation changes. Arsenal force a corner. Their opponent will face another attacking threat.
53'
	The ball is behind the sideline. Kieran Gibbs (Arsenal) takes a throw-in.
52'
	Alexis Sanchez (Arsenal) sends a sweet pass into the penalty area, but one of the defenders averts the danger. It's a throw-in for Arsenal.
50'
	Alfred Finnbogason (Olympiakos Piraeus) received a fine low pass and attempts to send the ball past the goalkeeper, but his shot goes wide of the goal.
49'
	Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain (Arsenal) and one of his opponents battle for the ball and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain (Arsenal) commits an attacking foul.
46'
 
	Half-time substituon. Ideye Brown (Olympiakos Piraeus) will not participate anymore and Alfred Finnbogason (Olympiakos Piraeus) is coming on.
46'
 
	The game restarts for the second half.
45+2'
	The fans can't complain about what they have been seeing so far on the pitch as both sides are showing highly attractive football. The performances of both teams are not even, the hosting side dictates the tempo. The home side attempts to hold onto the ball for as long as possible. The away team's main weapon are fast counter-attacks.
45+2'
 
	The whistle blows, and there is nothing more to see in the first half of this match.
45+2'
	Alexis Sanchez (Arsenal) receives a sweet cross inside the box from Hector Bellerin (Arsenal), but one of the defending players rushed bravely to intercept the move.
45'
 
	We will have 2 min. of added time.
45'
 
	Bas Nijhuis shows a yellow card to Gabriel (Arsenal) who can't be surprised because his tackle was really hard.
44'
 
	Alexis Sanchez (Arsenal) kept mouthing off to the referee until Bas Nijhuis lost patience and pulled out a yellow card.
44'
	Alexis Sanchez (Arsenal) looks to break free, but an opposing player clears.
42'
	Kieran Gibbs (Arsenal) times his run too early, and the assistant referee raises his flag, offside. The opposition will take an indirect free kick.
40'
 
	An unfortunate moment for David Ospina (Arsenal), who has scored an own goal.
40'
 
	There's an opportunity for Konstantinos Fortounis (Olympiakos Piraeus) to deliver the ball into the box from a corner.
40'
	The ball is cleared after Esteban Cambiasso (Olympiakos Piraeus) attempted to dribble past an opposing player. It will be a corner kick for Olympiakos Piraeus.
38'
	Felipe Pardo (Olympiakos Piraeus) hasn't suffered any serious injury which wouldn't allow him to stay on the pitch. He's back in the game now.
36'
 
	Looks like Felipe Pardo (Olympiakos Piraeus) is struggling after picking up a knock. We will see if he can run that off.
35'
 
	Goal! Alexis Sanchez (Arsenal) displays great vision and sends a pass to Theo Walcott (Arsenal), who shows brilliant composure inside the box to bury the ball from close range into the back of the net. The score is 1:1.
35'
	Arsenal seem to be finding their feet as they enjoy some possession. They are waiting for the right moment to create new attacking opportunities.
33'
 
	Felipe Pardo (Olympiakos Piraeus) picks it up in space and from the edge of the box gets a shot that is deflected and goes past helpless David Ospina (Arsenal). 0:1.
33'
 
	Konstantinos Fortounis (Olympiakos Piraeus) will take a corner kick.
32'
	Konstantinos Fortounis (Olympiakos Piraeus) gets on the end of a pass and takes a shot from the edge of the box, but it's blocked by one of the defending players. The assistant referee points to the corner flag, Olympiakos Piraeus are going to take it.
32'
	''Handball'' almost everyone shouted at the stadium. Gabriel (Arsenal) handled the ball.
30'
	Good clearance! Omar Elabdellaoui (Olympiakos Piraeus) received a low pass, but he didn't catch to do anything before quick stealing from one of the defenders.
28'
	Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain (Arsenal) connected with a pass around the edge of the box, aimed and struck. His attempt went in the direction of the right-hand post, but Roberto Jimenez (Olympiakos Piraeus) was alert and didn't let the score change.
26'
	Leandro Salino (Olympiakos Piraeus) sends a cross into the box. However, the opponent's defence eliminates the danger by clearing the ball out.
23'
	Good touch by Konstantinos Fortounis (Olympiakos Piraeus) as he receives a great pass and attempts to threaten the goalkeeper with his long-range strike. Unfortunately for him, the effort misses the net and flies well wide to the right.
22'
	Seba (Olympiakos Piraeus) produces a solo run, but he fails to create a chance as the opposition player cuts him out.
22'
	Hector Bellerin (Arsenal) aims a lovely cross into the penalty area. Nevertheless, the opponent's defence is alert and averts the danger with a brilliant clearance.
19'
	Francis Coquelin (Arsenal) commits a rough challenge, and Bas Nijhuis blows the whistle for infringement.
16'
	Esteban Cambiasso (Olympiakos Piraeus) put a cross into the box which wasn't a bad decision, but he failed to achieve what he wanted as none of his teammates managed to meet it. The ball goes out-of-play and Arsenal will have a goal kick.
14'
	Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain (Arsenal) can't slip the ball through and the move breaks down.
14'
	Kieran Gibbs (Arsenal) brings an opponent down and Bas Nijhuis interrupts the game.
13'
	The assistant referee raises his flag, and an attacking effort is stopped by the main referee's whistle. Ideye Brown (Olympiakos Piraeus) is the one, who got caught in the offside position.
12'
	Theo Walcott (Arsenal) meets a precise pass with a nice touch on the edge of the box and produces a shot to the middle of the goal. What an excellent save by the goalkeeper!
12'
	David Ospina (Arsenal) reacts well to deny a long-range free kick from Konstantinos Fortounis (Olympiakos Piraeus). The effort goes to the right side of the goal and the goalkeeper is there to stop it.
11'
	Bas Nijhuis calls for a foul. Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain (Arsenal) comitted a foul as he was too aggressive in the battle for the ball. There is a free kick near the sideline to Olympiakos Piraeus.
10'
	Golden chance! Alexis Sanchez (Arsenal) meets a cross in the box and finds some space for a shot. He produces an inaccurate effort that goes wide of the right post.
10'
 
	Konstantinos Fortounis (Olympiakos Piraeus) takes the corner which is cleared.
10'
	A beautiful low pass from aside is received by Ideye Brown (Olympiakos Piraeus) waiting for his chance. However, the defence is alert and spanks the ball away. The ball is out of bounds. A goal-scoring opportunity from a corner for Olympiakos Piraeus.
9'
	Alexis Sanchez (Arsenal) slaloms his way past challenges, but an opposing player does well to get the ball away.
7'
	Theo Walcott (Arsenal) attempts to find one of his teammates inside the box with a chip pass, but one of the defending players reacts superbly and intercepts the ball.
6'
	A promising cross into the box is nearly received by lurking Pajtim Kasami (Olympiakos Piraeus). One of the defending players cuts out the effort to avert the threat.
5'
	Hector Bellerin (Arsenal) produces a cunning chipped pass for Mesut Ozil (Arsenal) which is well received, but he fails against the defending players and loses the ball.
4'
	Mesut Ozil (Arsenal) is picked up by one of his teammates with a brilliant low pass, but he doesn't receive the ball well. The defence eliminates the danger without any problem. He could have found himself in a good chance to score.
3'
	The Arsenal players keep the ball and are exchanging a combination of passes. They are waiting for gaps in defence to open up.
1'
	Santi Cazorla (Arsenal) did his best to latch on to a crossfield pass, but it was too long and it goes out-of-play.
1'
 
	The first half has started.
 
	The players are out at last! Arsenal will take the kick-off.
 
	Today's referee will be Bas Nijhuis.
 
 
	The starting XIs were already announced and you can go through them in the Lineups section.
Show lineups »
 
	Hello to all football fans, we are here to bring you a live commentary of the following match, describing all the most interesting and important events. We'll make sure you won't miss a thing, so just sit back and have fun.
