
    That's all from me, Matthew Judge, and it has been a great pleasure talking you through all of tonight's action in North London. We hope you can join us again very soon. Take care!
    More poor errors at the back cost Arsenal at the highest level but it's elation for Olympiacos, who bounce back from their loss to Bayern Munich in the last round of fixtures by picking up a huge three points. Dinamo Zagreb await for them next, while the Gunners play hosts to Pep Guardiola's men next month.
    Boos sound around at the Emirates as Arsenal open up their Group F account with back-to-back defeats against Dinamo Zagreb and Olympiacos. It's the first time in 13 attempts that the Greek side, who defended so well tonight, win on English soil.
    FULL-TIME: ARSENAL 2-3 OLYMPIACOS
    90' + 3'
    Oxlade-Chamberlain pumps in a powerful free-kick towards the Olympiacos goal but it doesn't beat the first man as Finnbogason clears for the Greek side, who can counter-attack now.
    90' + 1'
    Walcott moves into a good bit of space deep into Olympiacos' half and drives a shot towards goal, but Siovas prevents it from reaching Roberto with a sliding challenge. It's excellent defending yet again from him.
    90'
    The fourth official indicates that a minimum of four minutes are being added on to the second half as Arsenal try to punt the ball forward as fast as possible. It's nail-biting times for Olympiacos fans.
    88'
    Roberto continues to waste crucial minutes for Arsenal before clearing up the pitch. You have to admire the way Olympiacos have defended tonight in the face of wave after wave of pressure from the hosts.
    87'
    SubstitutionKonstantinos Fortounis Praxitelis Vouros
    Fortounis comes off the field to a warm reception from the away stand late on. He's been outstanding tonight as Vouros heads onto the pitch as his replacement.
    86'
    SubstitutionHéctor Bellerín J. Campbell
    Wenger makes his final change for Arsenal with only a few minutes remaining as Bellerin heads off the pitch for Campbell. The Costa Rica international enters the pitch against the club he spent the 2013/14 campaign with.
    86'
    Sanchez wins a free-kick for Arsenal as they pile everybody forward with minutes to go. Cazorla is standing over it as the Olympiacos backline sit so deep towards their goalkeeper, Roberto.
    84'
    CLOSE! Gibbs picks up the ball down the left-hand side and he curls in a lovely ball towards Sanchez, but Siovas matches his run all the way and clears in the nick of time for Olympiacos. Corner to Arsenal.
    82'
    The free-kick count for Arsenal goes up yet again as Kasami brings down Ramsey deep into his own half. The Gunners are still surging forward in hope of finding a last-gasp goal.
    80'
    Oxlade-Chamberlain picks up the ball inside the final third and tries to drive forward for Arsenal, but Botia steps out of defence well and clears out of bounds for his side.
    78'
    SAVE! Sanchez drives in a free-kick towards Roberto which gets blocked before Ozil collects the spillage and stings the palms of the Spanish goalkeeper, who makes a great save to deny the former Real Madrid man.
    77'
    Yellow Card Mesut Özil
    Hernani heads down the left-hand side and falls to the deck under a challenge from Ozil. The German catches him with a trailing arm and the referee cautions him as a result.
    77'
    Yellow Card Konstantinos Fortounis
    It's raining cards here in North London as Fortounis becomes the latest man to pick up a yellow card. The referee punishes his poor tackle on Ozil with a booking.
    76'
    Yellow Card Esteban Cambiasso
    Cambiasso picks up a rather harsh yellow card with around 15 minutes to go. The ball strikes his hand from close range and the referee takes his name as a result. Free-kick to Arsenal.
    76'
    Cambiasso hands Arsenal a great chance to try and draw level again as he handles the ball deep inside his own half. He receives a booking as a result and Sanchez is standing over the ball.
    75'
    Yellow Card Alfred Finnbogason
    It's another yellow card for the visitors as Finnbogason goes into the referee's book now. He dives in on Cazorla and hands Arsenal a free-kick inside Olympiacos' half.
    74'
    Ozil tries to manoeuvre in behind the Olympiacos backline to cause them some problems late on but the official on that side of the pitch raises his flag for offside, to the German's disappointment.
    73'
    SubstitutionSebá Hernâni
    Olympiacos boss Silva makes his second substitution of the match as he takes off Seba deep into the second half. Hernani runs onto the pitch as his replacement for the Greek side.
    72'
    Arsenal are continuing to push men forward in search of a third equaliser tonight but Olympiacos are putting their bodies on the line and have almost every man back to thwart the hosts from making any more inroads.
    70'
    Finnbogason brings down Sanchez and hands Arsenal a free-kick. Cazorla steps up for the Gunners but his clipped effort towards Walcott has slightly too much weight on it and goes beyond the striker and into the arms of Roberto.
    68'
    You almost can't believe what you're seeing here at the Emirates. Arsenal finally appear to make the breakthough after pushing and pushing thanks to Sanchez, but Olympiacos go straight up the other end and send the away stand into rapture once more. What a game this is.
    66'
    Assist F. Pardo
    66'
    Goal Alfred Finnbogason
    GOOOOOOOOAAAALLL!! It's 3-2 and Olympiacos lead yet again! Kasami plays in Pardo with a superbly-lofted pass and the Colombian drives a low cross towards Finnbogason, who scores his first goal for the Greek side with a close-range tap-in. Awful defending again from Arsenal.
    65'
    Assist Theo Walcott
    65'
    Goal Alexis Sánchez
    GOOOOOOOOAAAAALLL!! It's 2-2 at the Emirates! Walcott sorts his feet out inside the Olympiacos box brilliantly as he clips in a cracking ball towards Sanchez, who nods home with aplomb to level the tie once again.
    64'
    Yellow Card Roberto
    Roberto becomes the first Olympiacos man to get his name taken by the referee as we just pass the hour mark at the Emirates. The Spaniard picks up a caution for constant timewasting.
    63'
    Cazorla collects the ball just outside the Olympiacos box and drives a shot low and hard towards Roberto, who gets down well to it and parries out wide. Arsenal are starting to turn the screw here since Ramsey came on.
    62'
    Walcott skips past five Olympiacos defenders deep into the Greek side's half but he fails to sort his feet out at the crucial moment as the ball trickles out for a goal-kick with Botia sliding in at the final moment. That was a wonderful run from the Arsenal man.
    60'
    SubstitutionFrancis Coquelin Aaron Ramsey
    Wenger makes his second change of the game as he takes off Coquelin, with the Gunners chasing a one-goal deficit in need of some more firepower. Ramsey comes off to replace him.
    60'
    OFF THE LINE! Mertesacker finds himself inside the penalty area and he forces a great save from Roberto, before Cazorla's rebound effort gets cleared off the line by Elabdellaoui. Inspired defending from Olympiacos.
    58'
    Seba latches onto the ball deep into Arsenal's half but he fails to pick out Finnbogason as Gabriel cleans up for the Gunners and gets them back on the front foot. Ramsey looks set to come on now for the hosts.
    57'
    SubstitutionLaurent Koscielny Per Mertesacker
    Koscielny falls to the floor in a heap and requests to come off just shy of the hour mark. It looks as though he's pulled his hamstring and Mertesacker is coming on to replace him alongside Gabriel.
    56'
    There's a stoppage in play at the moment as Koscielny falls to the floor and requests medical treatment. It looks as though he can't carry on with Mertesacker stripped and ready to come on as his replacement.
    54'
    Bellerin plays a lovely one-two with Walcott and wins a corner off Siovas but Sanchez's corner hangs too far towards the back stick and allows Kasami to head away the danger for Olympiacos.
    52'
    Pardo receives the ball from Fortounis on the counter-attack but the attack breaks down under him as his curled pass towards Finnbogason was loose and allows Gabriel to step in for Arsenal. A good chance to breakaway goes begging for the visitors.
    50'
    Cambiasso sprays a long ball forward towards Elabdellaoui and the Olympiacos right-back tries to get the ball under control to send in a cross towards Finnbogason but Gibbs snuffs out the danger for Arsenal. Top defending from him.
    48'
    Salido tries to maraud forward from left-back but he loses possession to Oxlade-Chamberlain. As the Arsenal man collects and tries to run forward, the referee penalises the challenge and awards Olympiacos a free-kick, to the disgust of the home crowd.
    46'
    SubstitutionBrown Ideye Alfred Finnbogason
    Silva rolls the dice for the first time as he replaces Ideye during the half-time interval. On-loan striker Finnbogason runs onto the pitch as his replacement for the second half.
    46'
    Welcome back! Olympiacos get us back underway here at the Emirates Stadium, with Alfred Finnbogason coming on for the second half in place of Brown Ideye.
    All three goals, in truth, were poorly given away in the first half. Pardo scored a well-worked corner routine for the opener but Arsenal were sloppy at the back in the build up and really shouldn't have conceded the corner in the first place. Walcott's equaliser should have been dealt with by Roberto before Ospina fumbled Fortounis' corner over his line. Unbelievable stuff.
    Both sets of players head off the field and down the tunnel as the referee draws time on the first half. Olympiacos lead at the break after a bizarre goal conceded by David Ospina towards the end of the opening period has the Greek outfit ahead.
    HALF-TIME: ARSENAL 1-2 OLYMPIACOS
    45'
    Yellow Card Gabriel Paulista
    Seba controls the ball but wins a late free-kick for Olympiacos under a challenge from Gabriel. The Arsenal man receives a caution as a result, making it two in a matter of minutes for the Gunners.
    45'
    The fourth official indicates that two minutes are being added on to the first half. Arsenal are on the front foot in the closing stages of the opening 45 minutes but Olympiacos are defending well in a decent shape.
    44'
    Yellow Card Alexis Sánchez
    Sanchez becomes the first man to get his name taken by the Dutch referee tonight. He concedes a silly foul and hands Olympiacos some much-needed breathing time since going back in front.
    44'
    Fresh reports suggest that the goal could be given to Fortounis, who curled in the corner which caused Ospina all sorts of problems between the sticks. It's been smash and grab from Olympiacos but they're heading into the break with a slender lead as things stand.
    42'
    The replay shows that the fifth official, who definitely has the best view from behind the goal, awards the Olympiacos goal and not the referee. It's another soft bit of defending again from the Gunners as Olympiacos lead 2-1.
    40'
    Own Goal D. Ospina
    GOOOOOOOAAAAALLL!! It's 2-1 and Olympiacos are back in front! Fortounis' corner curls towards Ospina, who somehow drops the ball between the sticks and the fifth official claims all of the ball was over the line. Game on again at the Emirates!
    39'
    Salido tries to slip in Seba down the left-hand side but Gabriel comes across brilliantly and clears for an Olympiacos corner. Arsenal have looked wobbly when defending set plays all night and this is a good chance for the Greek outfit.
    37'
    Two goals in a matter of minutes sees this game kick right into life just before the half-time interval. Both goals could have been defended so much better but we're all level again at the Emirates.
    35'
    Assist Alexis Sánchez
    35'
    Goal Theo Walcott
    GOOOOOOOOAAAAAALLL!! Walcott levels for the Gunners! The Arsenal forward latches onto a delightful pass from Sanchez and provides the perfect response to the hosts going a goal down by guiding the ball beyond Roberto to restore parity.
    32'
    Assist Konstantinos Fortounis
    32'
    Goal F. Pardo
    GOOOOOOOOOAAAALLLL!! It's 1-0 to Olympiacos! Fortounis whips in a corner straight from the training ground as it rolls out to Pardo, who collects from just outside the box and drives home a lovely effort into the bottom corner via a deflection off Oxlade-Chamberlain. The away stand goes wild!
    31'
    CLOSE! Ideye makes the most of both Arsenal centre-backs trying to win the ball from Siovas' punt forward as he rolls it back to Fortounis, who wins a corner as Koscienly diverts his effort over the crossbar.
    29'
    It's sloppy again as Elabdellaoui plays in Pardo down the right-hand side but the Olympiacos man chooses not to take on Gibbs and hit the ball backwards, but his pass flies into the path of the Arsenal full-back and sets up a breakaway for the Gunners.
    27'
    Fortounis collects from a throw-in down the right flank and tries to engineer a bit of space to hurl in a cross towards Ideye, but Coquelin tracks him all the way and nicks the ball off the Olympiacos man for an Arsenal goal-kick.
    25'
    Seba's cross towards the Arsenal penalty area gets blocked by Oxlade-Chamberlain and Siovas tries to play in Ideye down the left-hand side from the spillage, but he stabs his pass past his team-mate and the ball trickles out for goal-kick to the hosts.
    23'
    Fortounis picks up the ball inside Arsenal's half and drives forward but as he opens up his body to try and test Ospina, he sends his effort well wide of the Colombian and past the post from long range.
    21'
    Kasami drops into the Olympiacos backline and clears away a cross to set up a counter-attack for the visitors. Fortounis breaks forward and feeds in Seba, but Bellerin reads the danger excellently in a one-v-one situation and gets Arsenal back in possession with a good challenge.
    19'
    The noise level from the away stand raises as the travelling Olympiacos supporters continue to make their voices heard in North London. Silva's men have done well to silence the home crowd at the moment but they're yet to threaten Arsenal's backline from open play so far.
    17'
    Ozil collects the ball deep into Olympiacos' half and just outside the Greek side's goal but as he tries to slip in Walcott, Botia steps out of defence and nips the Arsenal attack in the bud. Solid defending again from him.
    15'
    After a quarter of an hour here at the Emirates, Arsenal are still looking the brighter of the two sides but Roberto is yet to be forced into making a save between the Olympiacos sticks. Sanchez has been electric so far.
    13'
    Pardo tries to move into a good bit of space inside Arsenal's half but as he shifts the ball from right to left, Gibbs brings him down for an Olympiacos free-kick.
    11'
    CLOSE! Fortounis whips in a cracking ball towards the Arsenal box which Ideye nods into the arms of Ospina from close range. Sanchez surges forward on the counter-attack for the Gunners and slips in Walcott, who fails to generate enough power as he shoots straight at Roberto.
    10'
    WIDE! As Oxlade-Chamberlain clears Fortounis' corner, he ends up latching onto the end of Sanchez's through ball seconds later but he sends his shot straight into the side netting from close range. Excellent tracking back from Salido to put the pressure on.
    9'
    Koscielny takes advantage of Ideye's heavy touch and clears for an Olympiacos corner. Fortounis steps up for the visitors but Oxlade-Chamberlain clears inside the six-yard box for the Gunners.
    7'
    Arsenal are having the lion's share of the ball at the moment as we approach the 10-minute mark but Olympiacos are falling back into a good, compact shape and that's giving the Gunners plenty to think about in these early stages.
    5'
    Pardo slips in Elabdellaoui powering forward from right back and the Olympiacos man clips in a decent cross towards the middle of the penalty area, but Koscielny leaps well and clears the danger at the near post for Arsenal.
    3'
    Bellerin marauds down the right-hand side at top speed but as the Arsenal man tries to stretch the play and create something for the hosts, Siovas comes across and snuffs out the danger brilliantly for Olympiacos.
    1'
    Arsenal get us underway here at the Emirates Stadium. The man in charge of the cards for tonight's affair in the capital is Bas Nijhuis from the Netherlands.
    Both sets of players are stripped and raring to go as they leave the tunnel and enter the pitch inside a packed-out Emirates Stadium. We are just moments away from seeing the action start.
    OLYMPIACOS substitutes: Kapino, Finnbogason, Dominguez, Pulido, Masuaku, Vouros, Santos Fortes.
    OLYMPIACOS (4-4-1-1): Roberto (c); Elabdellaoui, Botia, Siovas, Salino; Pardo, Kasami, Cambiasso, Seba; Fortounis; Ideye.
    ARSENAL substitutes: Cech, Debuchy, Mertesacker, Ramsey, Monreal, Chambers, Campbell.
    ARSENAL (4-3-3): Ospina; Bellerin, Gabriel, Koscielny, Gibbs; Coquelin, Cazorla (c), Ozil; Oxlade-Chamberlain, Walcott, Sanchez.
    TEAM NEWS: Marco Silva has made three alterations to the Olympiacos side which started their 5-1 triumph over PAS Giannina in their last match. Omar Elabdellaoui, Esteban Cambiasso and Felipe Pardo all get the chance to impress from the get-go here in North London.
    TEAM NEWS: Arsene Wenger has made five changes to the Arsenal side which started their 5-2 win over Leicester City in their last outing. David Ospina, Gabriel, Kieran Gibbs, Francis Coquelin and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain all come into the first eleven for tonight's encounter.
    In the last round of fixtures in Group F, the Gunners tasted defeat in a 2-1 loss against Dinamo Zagreb while their Greek opposition tonight were humbled by three goals to nil by German giants Bayern Munich. Both Arsenal and Olympiacos can't afford to be beaten again if their hopes of advancing into the knockout stages are to remain alive and kicking.
    Arsenal and Olympiacos both sit comfortably in their respective domestic league tables but their attentions turn to Europe's elite club competition tonight, with both teams hoping to avoid another defeat. Elsewhere in Group F, Bayern Munich play hosts to Dinamo Zagreb from the Allianz Arena.
    Good evening and welcome to our LIVE text commentary of tonight's UEFA Champions League clash between Arsenal and Olympiacos from the Emirates Stadium. I'm Matthew Judge and I will be your host for the match, which kicks off at 7:45pm.

